   
1 Dear shareholders, colleagues, customers, and partners:  
We are living through a period of historic economic, societal, and geopolitical change. The world in 2022 looks nothing like 
the world in 2019. As I write this, inflation is at a 40 -year high, supply chains are stretched, and the war in Ukraine is 
ongoing.  At the same time, we are entering a technological era with the potential to power awesome advancements 
across every sector of our economy and society. As the world’s largest software company, this places us at a historic 
intersection of opportunity and re sponsibility to the world around us.  
Our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more has never been more 
urgent or more necessary. For all the uncertainty in the world, one thing is clear: People and organizations in every 
industry are increasingly looking to digital technology to overcome today’s challenges and emerge stronger. And no 
company is better positioned to help them than Microsoft.  
Every day this past fiscal year I have had the privilege to witness our c ustomers use our platforms and tools to connect 
what technology can do with what the world needs  it to do.  
Here are just a few examples:  
• Ferrovial, which builds and manages some of the world’s busiest airports and highways, is using our cloud 
infrastructure to build safer roads as it prepares for a future of autonomous transportation.  
• Peace Parks Foundation, a nonprofit helping protect n atural ecosystems in Southern Africa, is using Microsoft 
Dynamics 365 and Power BI to secure essential funding, as well as our Azure AI and IoT solutions to help 
rangers scale their park maintenance and wildlife crime prevention work.  
• One of the world’s  largest robotics companies, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, is using the breadth of our tools —
from Azure IoT and HoloLens —to create an industrial metaverse solution that brings its distributed workforce 
together with its network of connected equipment to impro ve productivity and keep employees safe.  
• Globo, the biggest media and TV company in Brazil, is using Power Platform to empower its employees to 
build their own solutions for everything from booking sets to setting schedules.  
• And Ørsted, which produce s a quarter of the world’s wind energy, is using the Microsoft Intelligent Data 
Platform to turn data from its offshore turbines into insights for predictive maintenance.  
Amid this dynamic environment, we delivered record results in fiscal year 2022: We r eported $198  billion in revenue and 
$83 billion in operating income. And the Microsoft Cloud surpassed $100  billion in annualized revenue for the first time.  
OUR RESPONSIBILITY  
As a corporation, our purpose and actions must be aligned with addressing the  world’s problems, not creating new ones. 
At our very core, we need to deliver innovation that helps drive broad economic growth. We, as a company, will do well 
when the world around us does well.  
That’s what I believe will lead to widespread human progre ss and ultimately improve the lives of everyone. There is no 
more powerful input than digital technology to drive the world’s economic output. This is the core thesis for our being as a 
company, but it’s not enough. As we drive global economic growth, we m ust also commit to creating a more inclusive, 
equitable, sustainable, and trusted future.  
Support inclusive economic growth  
We must ensure the growth we drive reaches every person, organization, community, and country. This starts with 
increasing access to digital skills. This year alone, more than 23  million people accessed digital skills training as part of 
our global skills initiative.  2   
But skills alone aren’t enough —we need to help people better prepare for and connect to jobs. That’s why we’ve 
committed to equip 10  million people from underserved communities with skills for jobs in the digital economy by 2025.  
One area of digital skill s has become especially critical: cybersecurity. Cybersecurity is a significant threat for 
governments, businesses, and individuals around the world, yet there simply aren’t enough people with cybersecurity 
skills to fill open jobs.  
To help address this, we’ve committed to skill and recruit 250,000 people into the US cybersecurity workforce by 2025 —
especially those underrepresented in the field. And we’re helping an additional 24 countries with substantial cybersecurity 
workforce shortages close their gaps  too.  
We also continue to deliver affordable, relevant cloud technology and industry -specific solutions to nonprofit organizations 
addressing the world’s most pressing issues. This year, we provided $3.2  billion in donated and discounted technology to 
302,000 nonprofits serving over 1.2  billion people globally. And earlier this month, we announced that Microsoft will 
double the number of nonprofits we reach worldwide over the next five years.  
Protect fundamental rights  
We unequivocally support the fundam ental rights of people, from defending democracy, to protecting human rights, to 
addressing racial injustice and inequity. And, as people’s access to education, healthcare, jobs, and other critical services  
becomes increasingly dependent on technology, it’ s clear that access to broadband and accessible technology is also 
fundamental to building a more equitable future.  
Since 2017, we’ve helped more than 50  million people in unserved rural communities globally gain access to affordable 
broadband coverage. B uilding on our work in eight US cities, we’re now partnering with five US states with significant 
broadband adoption gaps to increase access, adoption, and equity. And —given the importance of current data to 
broadband planning —the new Microsoft Digital Equ ity Dashboard will help US policymakers and communities identify 
neighborhoods where funding and programmatic investment can achieve measurable impact.  
This year, we continued our journey to address racial injustice and inequity by increasing representati on within Microsoft, 
engaging our ecosystem, and strengthening our communities.  
Across our ecosystem, we are more than 90%  of the way toward our commitment to spend an incremental $500  million 
with Black - and African American -owned suppliers. We’ve coordinated over 80 justice reform partnerships to help 145 
communities expand access to data -driven insights that advance a more equitable system of justice and public safety. 
And we’ve expanded our Technology Education and Learning Support (TEALS) progra m to 290  high schools in cities with 
large Black and African American communities —to promote more equitable access to computer science education.  
Our work to help preserve, protect, and advance democracy by promoting a healthy information ecosystem and 
safeguarding electoral processes is as salient as ever in today’s geopolitical climate. Our AccountGuard nation -state 
threat notification service protects more than 4  million accounts of election officials, human rights organizations, 
journalists, and other organizations. Our efforts to preserve and protect journalism in the United States and Mexico have 
been extended globally through new partnerships with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, Report for the World, and 
others.  
This year, we responded to six humani tarian emergencies in five countries through donations, technology, services, and 
employee giving. As of July 2022, we’ve committed $257  million in financial and technology assistance to the global 
response to the war in Ukraine, including support for gove rnment, businesses, nonprofits, and humanitarian assistance for 
refugees. And, through our AI for Humanitarian Action initiative, we’re helping organizations harness the power of AI to 
improve their disaster preparedness, response, and recovery.  
Finally, we continued working toward our five -year commitment to bridge the disability divide for the more than 1  billion 
people around the world with disabilities, seeking to expand accessibility in technology, the workforce, and  3 workplace. As just one example o f this work, use of our Office Accessibility Checker —our “spell check” for accessibility —
has grown by 9x over the past year. And, along with partner companies, we launched the Neurodiversity Career 
Connector, a jobs marketplace for neurodivergent job seeke rs. 
Create a sustainable future  
We must ensure that economic growth does not come at the expense of our planet. Addressing climate change requires 
swift, collective action and technical innovation. We’re continuing our pursuit of our own ambitious commitm ents and 
helping others achieve their climate goals, aided by technology.  
In March, we released our second annual sustainability report, sharing our progress, challenges, and learnings as we 
pursue our commitments to become carbon negative, water positive , and zero waste. Although we continued to make 
progress on several of our goals with an overall reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, our Scope 3 emissions 
increased, due in large part to significant global datacenter expansions and the growth in Xb ox sales and usage. Despite 
these increases, we remain dedicated to achieving a net -zero future. We recognize that progress won’t always be linear, 
and the rate at which we can implement emissions reductions is dependent on many factors that can fluctuate over time.  
On the path to becoming water positive, we invested in 21 water replenishment projects that are expected to generate 
over 1.3  million cubic meters of volumetric benefits in nine water basins around the world. Progress toward our zero waste 
comm itment included diverting more than 15,200 metric tons of solid waste otherwise headed to landfills and incinerators, 
as well as launching new Circular Centers to increase reuse and reduce e -waste at our datacenters.  
We contracted to protect over 17,000 a cres of land (50% more than the land we use to operate), thus achieving our 
commitment to protect more land than we use by 2025.  
And with Microsoft Cloud for Sustainability, we’re expanding our work to help customers meet their ambitious 
sustainability go als by enabling them to better collect, track, and analyze the metrics of their sustainability strategy.  
Earn trust  
To drive positive impact and growth with technology, people need to be able to trust the technologies they use and the 
companies behind th em. We are committed to earning trust —both trust in business model alignment with our customers 
and partners, and trust in technology, spanning privacy, security, digital safety, the responsible use of AI, and 
transparency.  
We’re dedicated to preserving o ur customers’ privacy and their ability to control their own data. We advocate for strong 
privacy laws that require companies, including ours, to be accountable and responsible in their collection and use of 
personal data. That’s why we supported the new T rans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework and committed to meet or 
exceed all the requirements it outlines. And through the Microsoft privacy dashboard, millions of people each year can 
make meaningful choices about how their data is used.  
Security and digital  safety are foundational to trust in today’s complex threat landscape. We analyze 43 trillion security 
signals daily and use the insights to inform increased protections. This year, we blocked 34.7  billion identity threats and 
37 billion email threats. Ove r the past four years, we’ve sent over 67,000 nation -state -related threat notifications to 
customers to help them protect themselves from digital threats.  
This comprehensive capability has been critical during recent world events, including the war in Ukr aine. Our efforts have 
involved both defending key infrastructure in the country —including assisting with the detection and disruption of 
cyberattacks and cyberinfluence operations and evacuating data to the cloud —as well as supporting people, 
communities,  and organizations on the ground as part of our humanitarian and disaster response.  4   
Our commitment to responsibly develop and use technologies like AI is core to who we are. We put our commitment into 
practice, not only within Microsoft but by empoweri ng our customers and partners to do the same and by advocating for 
policy change. We released our Responsible AI Standard, which outlines 17 goals aligned to our six AI principles and 
includes tools and practices to support them. And we share our open -source tools, including the new Responsible AI 
Dashboard, to help developers building AI technologies identify and mitigate issues before deployment.  
Finally, we provide clear reporting and information on how we run our business and how we work with customers  and 
partners, delivering the transparency that is central to trust. Our annual Impact Summary shares more about our progress 
and learnings across these four commitments, and our Reports Hub  provides detailed reports on our environmental data, 
our politica l activities,  our workforce demographics, our human rights work, and more.  
We should all be proud of this work —and I am. But it’s easy to talk about what we’re doing well. As we look to the next 
year and beyond, we’ll continue to reflect on where the world  needs us to do better.  
OUR OPPORTUNITY  
Now, let me turn to how we are positioned to capture the massive opportunities ahead. Over the past few years, I’ve 
written extensively about digital transformation, but now we need to go beyond that to deliver on what I call the “digital 
imperative.”  
Technology is a deflationary force in an inflationary economy. Every organization in every industry will need to infuse 
technology into every business process and function so they can do more with less. It’s what I believe will make the 
difference between organizations that thrive and those that get left behind.  
In the coming years, technology as a percentage of GDP will double from 5% to 10% and beyond, as technology moves 
from a back -office cost center to a defining feature of every product and service. But even more important will be 
technology’s influence on t he other 90% of the world’s economy. From communications and commerce, to logistics, 
financial services, energy, healthcare, and entertainment, digital technology will power the entire global economy as every 
company becomes a software company in its own r ight.  
Across our customer solution areas, we are delivering powerful platforms, tools, and services that expand our opportunity 
to help every organization in every industry deliver on the digital imperative —with a business model that is trusted and 
always  aligned with their success.  
Apps and infrastructure  
We are building Azure as the world’s computer, with more than 60 datacenter regions —more than any other provider —
delivering faster access to cloud services while addressing critical data residency requ irements. With Azure Arc, we’re 
bringing Azure anywhere, meeting customers where they are and enabling them to run apps across on -premises, edge, or 
multicloud environments. And we’re extending our infrastructure to the 5G network edge with Azure for Opera tors, 
introducing new solutions to help telecom operators deliver ultra -low-latency services closer to end users.  
As the digital and physical worlds come together, we’re also leading in the industrial metaverse. From smart factories, to 
smart buildings, t o smart cities, we’re helping organizations use Azure IoT, Azure Digital Twins, and Microsoft Mesh to 
digitize people, places, and things, in order to visualize, simulate, and analyze any business process.  
Data and AI  
From best -in-class databases and ana lytics to data governance, we have the most comprehensive data stack to help 
every organization turn its data into predictive and analytical power. With our new Microsoft Intelligent Data  5 Platform, we are helping customers focus on creating value instead  of integrating a fragmented data estate. Cosmos DB 
is the go -to database powering the world’s most demanding, mission -critical workloads, at any scale. With Azure 
Synapse, we’re removing traditional barriers between enterprise data warehousing and big dat a analytics so anyone can 
collaborate, build, and manage analytics solutions. And we’re creating an entirely new market category with Microsoft 
Purview, as we help organizations govern, protect, and manage their data estate across platforms and clouds.  
When it comes to AI, we’re seeing a paradigm shift as the world’s large AI models become platforms themselves. And we 
are helping organizations apply the world’s most advanced coding and language models to a variety of use cases, such 
as writing assistance, code generation, and reasoning over data with our new Azure OpenAI Service.  
Digital and app innovation  
We have the most popular developer tools for any cloud and any platform to help organizations modernize existing apps 
and build new ones. GitHub is the  most complete developer platform to build, scale, and deliver secure software. This 
year, we introduced GitHub Copilot, a first -of-its-kind AI pair programmer, to help developers write better code faster. And 
organizations are increasingly turning to both  Visual Studio and our Azure PaaS services to streamline development and 
create modern, more resilient cloud -native applications.  
Low-code/no -code tools are rapidly becoming a priority for every organization’s digital capability. With Power Platform, we 
are helping domain experts rapidly drive productivity gains when it’s never been more important. We have nearly 
25 million monthly active users. And we’re innovating to make it even easier for teams of professional and citizen 
developers to automate workflo ws, create apps, build virtual agents, and analyze data.  
Business applications  
With our expanding portfolio of business applications, we are helping every business become a hyperconnected 
business —unifying data, process, and teams across the organization . New Dynamics 365 Connected Spaces helps 
organizations across diverse industries —from real estate and retail, to factories and construction —manage their physical 
operations. And with new integrations between Dynamics 365 and Teams, we are creating a new c ategory of 
collaborative applications that helps businesses surface data and insights right in the flow of work.  
Our industry clouds bring together capabilities across the Microsoft Cloud with industry -specific customizations to help 
organizations improve  time to value, increase agility, and lower costs. We completed our acquisition of Nuance 
Communications this year, adding new cloud and enterprise AI capabilities for healthcare, as well as other industries. And 
as sustainability becomes an existential pr iority not just for our society but for every organization, our new Microsoft Cloud 
for Sustainability, which I mentioned earlier, is helping our customers record, report, and ultimately reduce their 
environmental impact.  
Modern work  
Hybrid work is now j ust work. Every organization is looking to reconnect and reengage the workforce at home, in the 
office, and everywhere in between. Microsoft Teams is the most used and most advanced platform for work, surpassing 
270 million monthly active users this year. It’s the only solution with meetings, calls, chat, collaboration, and business 
process automation in one place.  
Teams Rooms is bringing Teams to a growing ecosystem of devices to help organizations rethink their approach to space 
and help employees partic ipate fully in meetings from anywhere. And with Microsoft Viva, we’re building an employee 
experience platform that brings together communications, knowledge, learning, resources, and insights in the flow of work 
to empower employees and strengthen their c onnection to their company’s mission and culture.  6   
Modern life  
The PC has never been more relevant to work, life, and play. This year, we launched Windows 11, the biggest update to 
our operating system in a decade. It reimagines everything from the use r experience to the store to help people and 
organizations be more productive, connected, and secure, and to build a more open ecosystem for developers and 
creators. There are now more than 1.4  billion monthly active devices running Windows 10 or Windows 1 1. We launched 
new Surface devices to support every person and work style. And we have nearly 60  million Microsoft 365  consumer 
subscriptions as we help people create, connect, and share wherever they go.  
Security  
Cybersecurity is the number one threat f acing every business today. To keep our customers secure, we build security by 
design into every product we sell, and we deliver end -to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, device 
management, and privacy across clouds and platforms. We ar e the only cloud provider with multicloud protection for the 
industry’s top three cloud platforms. Our new Entra product family includes tools for permissions management, identity 
governance, and identity verification. And we now offer managed threat detec tion and response with Microsoft Security 
Experts.  
LinkedIn  
LinkedIn has become mission critical to connect creators with their communities, job seekers with jobs, learners with 
skills, and marketers with buyers. LinkedIn now has more than 850  million members, and our Sales, Talent, Marketing, 
and Premium Subscript ions lines of business have all surpassed $1  billion in annual revenue over the past 12 months.  
Search, advertising, and news  
When it comes to advertising, we are creating a new monetization engine for the web —an alternative that offers 
marketers and pub lishers more long -term viable ad solutions —while upholding consumer privacy and strong data 
governance. We’re focused on increasing our share and engagement across our browser Microsoft Edge, our search 
engine Microsoft Bing, and our personalized content f eed Microsoft Start.  
And with our acquisition of Xandr, we now power one of the largest marketplaces for premium advertising. Netflix chose 
us this summer as its exclusive technology and sales partner for its first ad -supported subscription offering, a va lidation of 
the differentiated value we provide to publishers looking for a flexible partner to build and innovate with them. I couldn’t be 
more excited about our expansive opportunity ahead in this space.  
Gaming  
The big bets we have made across content,  community, and cloud over the past few years continue to pay off. We’ve sold 
more Xbox Series S and Series X consoles life -to-date than any previous generation of Xbox, and with Xbox Cloud 
Gaming, we’re bringing games to entirely new endpoints. In the pas t year, we’ve made many of our most popular titles 
accessible on phones, tablets, TVs, and low -spec PCs for the first time. Our Xbox Game Pass subscription service now 
includes access to hundreds of games. And with our planned acquisition of Activision Bli zzard, we aim to give players 
more choice to play great games wherever, whenever, and however they want. Choice is equally important to developers, 
who we want to support with a diversity of distribution and business models for their games. We believe the acquisition 
will unlock opportunities for innovation and enable the industry to grow.  
OUR CULTURE  
Our culture is the foundation on which our mission and strategy stand, and cultivating it is our greatest priority. We’re 
always working to close the gap be tween our espoused culture and the lived experience of the more than  7 220,000 people who work at Microsoft. Essential to this is our commitment to continually exercise our growth mindset and 
confront our fixed mindset with humility, curiosity, compassion, and the recognition that, while none of us will ever be 
perfect, we ca n always be better than we are today.  
This growth mindset served us well through the historic changes of the past few years. It sustains our everyday practice of 
customer obsession. It helps us care for our colleagues and collaborate more effectively acro ss the company. And it 
deeply informs our longstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion .  
If we want to serve the world, we need to represent the world. Each year we strive to increase representation, and 2022 
was no exception. We saw the strongest pr ogress in years across several demographic groups, as you can see in our 
latest Diversity  & Inclusion Report. We are one of the most transparent companies of our size when it comes to the data 
we share, and we continually challenge ourselves to increase vi sibility into where we’re succeeding and where we need to 
address gaps. We’ve added new data, such as military status, gender representation by geography, employee exits, and 
additional pay data, to reflect our workforce more broadly. As we make meaningful  progress, we continue our commitment 
to meet the increasing expectations for driving innovation, welcoming diverse perspectives, and leading global change.  
Giving is also core to our culture at Microsoft. In 2022, our employees gave $255  million (with co mpany match) to over 
32,000 nonprofits. And more than 29,000 employees volunteered over 720,000 hours to causes they care about.  
I’m constantly in awe of how our employees bring their passion to work each day —for each other, for our customers, and 
for the ir communities.  
***  
I want to close by thanking you for your continued investment in Microsoft. Our growth and impact this past year would not 
have been possible without your commitment to the company and belief in its mission.  
The opportunity to apply technology to make a real difference for every customer, community, and country has never 
been greater. And I truly believe if we continue to live our mission, embrace our responsibility, and grasp that opportunity,  
there is no limit to what we can achieve  for the world in the year ahead and beyond.  
  
  
 
Satya Nadella  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
October  24, 2022  8 FINANCIAL REVIEW  
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, DIVIDENDS, AND STOCK PERFORMANCE  
MARKET AND STOCKHOLDERS  
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol MSFT. On July  25, 2022, there were 86,465 
registered holders of record of our common st ock.  
SHARE REPURCHASES AND DIVIDENDS  
Share Repurchases  
On September  20, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in December 2016 and w as completed in February 2020.  
On September  18, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in February 2020 and was completed in November 2 021.  
On September  14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021, following completion of the program 
approved on Septembe r 18, 2019, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June  30, 2022, 
$40.7  billion remained of this $60.0  billion share repurchase program.  
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:  
  
(In millions)  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount    
        
Year Ended June  30,  2022    2021    2020   
              
First Quarter   21  $ 6,200    25  $ 5,270    29  $ 4,000    
Second Quarter   20   6,233    27   5,750    32   4,600   
Third Quarter   26   7,800    25   5,750    37   6,000   
Fourth Quarter   28   7,800    24   6,200    28   5,088               
Total   95  $   28,033    101  $ 22,970    126  $   19,688                 
All repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during the fourth and third quarters of fiscal year 
2022 were under the share repurchase program approved on September  14, 2021. Shares repurchased during the 
second quarter of fiscal year 2022 were under the share repurchase programs approved on both September  14, 2021 and 
September  18, 2019. Shares repurchased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, fiscal year 2021, and the fourth 
quarter of fiscal year 2020 were under the share rep urchase program approved on September  18, 2019. Shares 
repurchased during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 were under the share repurchase programs approved on both 
September  20, 2016 and September  18, 2019. All other shares repurchased were under the  share repurchase program 
approved on September  20, 2016. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding 
related to the vesting of stock awards of $4.7  billion, $4.4  billion, and $3.3  billion for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and  2020, 
respectively.  9   
Dividends  
Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:  
  
Declaration Date  Record Date  Payment  Date  Dividend  
Per Share  Amount    
          
Fiscal Year 2022        (In millions)  
          
September  14, 2021   November  18, 2021    December  9, 2021   $   0.62  $ 4,652   
December  7, 2021   February  17, 2022    March  10, 2022    0.62   4,645   
March  14, 2022   May 19, 2022    June  9, 2022    0.62   4,632   
June  14, 2022   August  18, 2022    September  8, 2022    0.62   4,627     
Total      $   2.48  $   18,556             
          
Fiscal Year 2021          
          
September  15, 2020   November  19, 2020    December  10, 2020   $ 0.56  $ 4,230   
December  2, 2020   February  18, 2021    March  11, 2021    0.56   4,221   
March  16, 2021   May 20, 2021    June  10, 2021    0.56   4,214   
June  16, 2021   August  19, 2021    September  9, 2021    0.56   4,206     
          
Total      $ 2.24  $ 16,871             
The dividend declared on June  14, 2022 was included in other current liabilities as of June  30, 2022.  10   
STOCK PERFORMANCE  
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*  
Among Microsoft Corporation, the S&P 500 Index  
and the NASDAQ Computer Index  
  
 
  
  6/17 6/18 6/19 6/20 6/21 6/22   
Microsoft Corporation   100.00    145.84    201.36    309.69    416.25    397.90   
S&P 500   100.00    114.37    126.29    135.77    191.15    170.86   
NASDAQ Computer   100.00    131.27    139.29    196.40    288.13    228.71   
* $100 invested on 6/30/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending June 30.  
  11 Note About Forward -Looking Statements  
This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating 
results that are “forward -looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 
Section  27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section  21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward -looking 
statements may appear throughout this report, including the following sections: “Business” in our fiscal year 2022 Form 
10-K and “Management’s Discussio n and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our fiscal year 
2022 Form 10 -K. These forward -looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” 
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “futu re,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will 
continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward -looking statements are based on current expectations and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertaintie s that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks 
and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operati ons,” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
about Market Risk" in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward -
looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obliga tion to update or revise 
publicly any forward -looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.  
BUSINESS  
GENERAL  
Embracing Our Future  
Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to 
achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our platforms 
and tools help drive  small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public -sector efficiency. We are 
creating the tools and platforms that deliver better, faster, and more effective solutions to support new startups, improve 
educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.  
Microsoft is innovating and expanding our entire portfolio to help people and organizations overcome today’s challenges 
and emerge stronger. We bring technology and products together into experiences and solutions that unlock value for our 
customers.  
In a dynamic environment, digital technology is the key input that powers the world’s economic output. Our ecosystem of 
customers and partners have learned that while hybrid work is complex, embracing flexibility, different work s tyles, and a 
culture of trust can help navigate the challenges the world faces today. Organizations of all sizes have digitized business -
critical functions, redefining what they can expect from their business applications. Customers are looking to unlock v alue 
while simplifying security and management. From infrastructure and data, to business applications and collaboration, we 
provide unique, differentiated value to customers.  
We are building a distributed computing fabric – across cloud and the edge – to help every organization build, run, and 
manage mission -critical workloads anywhere. In the next phase of innovation, artificial intelligence (“AI”) capabilities are 
rapidly adv ancing, fueled by data and knowledge of the world. We are enabling metaverse experiences at all layers of our 
stack, so customers can more effectively model, automate, simulate, and predict changes within their industrial 
environments, feel a greater sense  of presence in the new world of hybrid work, and create custom immersive worlds to 
enable new opportunities for connection and experimentation.  
What We Offer  
Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver  new value for customers 
and help people and businesses realize their full potential.  12   
We offer an array of services, including cloud -based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, 
and content, and we provide solution support  and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a 
global audience.  
Our products include operating systems, cross -device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, 
business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. We 
also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and 
related accessories.  
The Ambitions That Drive Us  
To achieve o ur vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:  
• Reinvent productivity and business processes.  
• Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform.  
• Create more personal computing.  
Reinvent Productivit y and Business Processes  
At Microsoft, we provide technology and resources to help our customers create a secure hybrid work environment. Our 
family of products plays a key role in the ways the world works, learns, and connects.  
Our growth depends on sec urely delivering continuous innovation and advancing our leading productivity and 
collaboration tools and services, including Office 365, Dynamics 365, and LinkedIn. Microsoft 365 brings together Office 
365, Windows, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to h elp organizations empower their employees with AI -backed tools 
that unlock creativity, increase collaboration, and fuel innovation, all the while enabling compliance coverage and data 
protection. Microsoft Teams is a comprehensive platform for work, with m eetings, calls, chat, collaboration, and business 
process automation. Microsoft Viva is an employee experience platform that brings together communications, knowledge, 
learning, resources, and insights powered by Microsoft 365. Together with the Microsoft Cloud, Dynamics 365, Microsoft 
Teams, and Azure Synapse bring a new era of collaborative applications that transform every business function and 
process. Microsoft Power Platform is helping domain experts drive productivity gains with low -code/no -code tool s, robotic 
process automation, virtual agents, and business intelligence. In a dynamic labor market, LinkedIn is helping 
professionals use the platform to connect, learn, grow, and get hired.  
Build the Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge Platform  
As digital transformation accelerates, organizations in every sector across the globe can address challenges that will have 
a fundamental impact on their success. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, 
engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. Microsoft has a proven track 
record of delivering high value to our customers across many diverse and durable growth markets.  
We continue to invest in high performance and sustainable comp uting to meet the growing demand for fast access to 
Microsoft services provided by our network of cloud computing infrastructure and datacenters. Azure is a trusted cloud 
with comprehensive compliance coverage and AI -based security built in.  
Our cloud bus iness benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at 
significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, 
geographic, and application demand patterns, i mproving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and 
multi -tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs.  13   
The Microsoft Cloud is the most comprehensive and trusted cloud, providing the best integration across th e technology 
stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. Being a global -scale cloud, 
Azure uniquely offers hybrid consistency, developer productivity, AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance.  We 
see more emerging use cases and needs for compute and security at the edge and are accelerating our innovation across 
the spectrum of intelligent edge devices, from Internet of Things (“IoT”) sensors to gateway devices and edge hardware to 
build, manag e, and secure edge workloads. With Azure Stack, organizations can extend Azure into their own datacenters 
to create a consistent stack across the public cloud and the intelligent edge.  
Our hybrid infrastructure consistency spans security, compliance, iden tity, and management, helping to support the real -
world needs and evolving regulatory requirements of commercial customers and enterprises. Our industry clouds bring 
together capabilities across the entire Microsoft Cloud, along with industry -specific cust omizations, to improve time to 
value, increase agility, and lower costs. Azure Arc simplifies governance and management by delivering a consistent 
multi -cloud and on -premises management platform. Security, compliance, identity, and management underlie our entire 
tech stack. We offer integrated, end -to-end capabilities to protect people and organizations.  
In March 2022, we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”). Together, Microsoft and 
Nuance will enable organizations across industries to accelerate their business goals with security -focused, cloud -based 
solutions infused with p owerful, vertically optimized AI.  
We are accelerating our development of mixed reality solutions with new Azure services and devices. Microsoft Mesh 
enables presence and shared experiences from anywhere through mixed reality applications. The opportunity to merge 
the physical and digital worlds, when combined with the power of Azure cloud services, unlocks new workloads and 
experiences to create common understanding and drive more informed decisions.  
The ability to convert data into AI drives our competit ive advantage. Azure SQL Database makes it possible for customers 
to take SQL Server from their on -premises datacenter to a fully managed instance in the cloud to utilize built -in AI. Azure 
Synapse brings together data integration, enterprise data warehous ing, and big data analytics in a comprehensive 
solution. We are accelerating adoption of AI innovations from research to products. Our innovation helps every developer 
be an AI developer, with approachable new tools from Azure Machine Learning Studio for c reating simple machine 
learning models, to the powerful Azure Machine Learning Workbench for the most advanced AI modeling and data 
science. From GitHub to Visual Studio, we provide a developer tool chain for everyone, no matter the technical 
experience, a cross all platforms, whether Azure, Windows, or any other cloud or client platform.  
Additionally, we are extending our infrastructure beyond the planet, bringing cloud computing to space. Azure Orbital is a 
fully managed ground station as a service for fa st downlinking of data.  
Create More Personal Computing  
We strive to make computing more personal by putting people at the core of the experience, enabling them to interact with 
technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways. Microsoft 365 is em powering people and organizations to be 
productive and secure as they adapt to more fluid ways of working, learning, and playing. Windows also plays a critical 
role in fueling our cloud business with Windows 365, a desktop operating system that’s also a cl oud service. From another 
internet -connected device, including Android or macOS devices, you can run Windows 365, just like a virtual machine.  
With Windows 11, we have simplified the design and experience to empower productivity and inspire creativity. Wi ndows 
11 offers innovations focused on enhancing productivity and is designed to support hybrid work. It adds new experiences 
that include powerful task switching tools like new snap layouts, snap groups, and desktops; new ways to stay connected 
through Mi crosoft Teams chat; the information you want at your fingertips; and more. Windows 11 security and privacy 
features include operating system security, application security, and user and identity security.  14   
Tools like search, news, and maps have given us immediate access to the world’s information. Today, through our 
Search, News, Mapping, and Browse services, Microsoft delivers unique trust, privacy, and safety features. Microsoft 
Edge is our fast and secure  browser that helps protect your data, with built -in shopping tools designed to save you time 
and money. Organizational tools such as Collections, Vertical Tabs, and Immersive Reader help make the most of your 
time while browsing, streaming, searching, and  sharing.  
We are committed to designing and marketing first -party devices to help drive innovation, create new device categories, 
and stimulate demand in the Windows ecosystem. The Surface family includes Surface Laptop Studio, Surface Laptop 4, 
Surface L aptop Go 2, Surface Laptop Pro 8, Surface Pro X, Surface Go 3, Surface Studio 2, and Surface Duo 2.  
With three billion people actively playing games today, and a new generation steeped in interactive entertainment, 
Microsoft continues to invest in content , community, and cloud services. We have broadened our approach to how we 
think about gaming end -to-end, from the way games are created and distributed to how they are played, including cloud 
gaming so players can stream across PC, console, and mobile. We have a strong position with our large and growing 
highly engaged community of gamers, including the acquisition of ZeniMax Media Inc., the parent company of Bethesda 
Softworks LLC. In January 2022, we announced plans to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc., a  leader in game development 
and an interactive entertainment content publisher. Xbox Game Pass is a community with access to a curated library of 
over 100 first - and third -party console and PC titles. Xbox Cloud Gaming is Microsoft’s game streaming technol ogy that is 
complementary to our console hardware and gives fans the ultimate choice to play the games they want, with the people 
they want, on the devices they want.  
Our Future Opportunity  
The case for digital transformation has never been more urgent. Customers are looking to us to help improve productivity 
and the affordability of their products and services. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for our 
customers that empower people to stay productive and collaborate, while safeguardi ng businesses and simplifying IT 
management. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expect 
will translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in:  
• Transforming the wor kplace to deliver new modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, and 
improve how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, play, and interact with one another.  
• Building and running cloud -based services in ways that unleash new exp eriences and opportunities for 
businesses and individuals.  
• Applying AI to drive insights and act on our customer’s behalf by understanding and interpreting their needs 
using natural methods of communication.  
• Tackling security from all angles with our  integrated, end -to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, 
identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms.  
• Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on any 
devices and pushing the bou ndaries of innovation with console and PC gaming by creating the next wave of 
entertainment.  
• Using Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increased 
engagement with our services like Microsoft 365 Consumer, Teams, Edge, Bing, Xbox Game Pass, and 
more.  
Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and sales 
motions. We have the opportunity to redefine what customers and partners can expect and are workin g to deliver new 
solutions that reflect the best of Microsoft.  15   
Corporate Social Responsibility  
Commitment to Sustainability  
We work to ensure that technology is inclusive, trusted, and increases sustainability. We are accelerating progress toward 
a more sustainable future by reducing our environmental footprint, advancing research, helping our customers build 
sustainable soluti ons, and advocating for policies that benefit the environment. In January 2020, we announced a bold 
commitment and detailed plan to be carbon negative by 2030, and to remove from the environment by 2050 all the carbon 
we have emitted since our founding in 1975. This included a commitment to invest $1  billion over four years in new 
technologies and innovative climate solutions. We built on this pledge by adding commitments to be water positive by 
2030, zero waste by 2030, and to protect ecosystems by develop ing a Planetary Computer. We also help our suppliers 
and customers around the world use Microsoft technology to reduce their own carbon footprint.  
Fiscal year 2021 was a year of both successes and challenges. While we continued to make progress on several  of our 
goals, with an overall reduction in our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, our Scope 3 emissions increased, due 
in substantial part to significant global datacenter expansions and growth in Xbox sales and usage as a result of the 
COVID -19 pand emic. Despite these Scope 3 increases, we will continue to build the foundations and do the work to 
deliver on our commitments, and help our customers and partners achieve theirs. We have learned the impact of our work 
will not all be felt immediately, and  our experience highlights how progress won’t always be linear.  
While fiscal year 2021 presented us with some new learnings, we also made some great progress. A few examples that 
illuminate the diversity of our work include:  
• We purchased the removal of  1.4 million metrics tons of carbon.  
• Four of our datacenters received new or renewed Zero Waste certifications.  
• We granted $100  million to Breakthrough Energy Catalyst to accelerate the development of climate solutions 
the world needs to reach net -zero across four key areas: direct air capture, green hydrogen, long duration 
energy storage, and sustainable aviation fuel.  
• We joined the First Movers Coalition as an early leader and expert partner in the carbon dioxide removal 
sector, with a commitment  of $200  million toward carbon removal by 2030.  
Sustainability is an existential priority for our society and businesses today. This led us to create our Microsoft Cloud for  
Sustainability, an entirely new business process category to help organizations m onitor their carbon footprint across their 
operations. We also joined with leading organizations to launch the Carbon Call – an initiative to mobilize collective action 
to solve carbon emissions and removal accounting challenges for a net zero future.  
The investments we make in sustainability carry through to our products, services, and devices. We design our devices, 
from Surface to Xbox, to minimize their impact on the environment. Our cloud and AI services and datacenters help 
businesses cut energy cons umption, reduce physical footprints, and design sustainable products.  
Addressing Racial Injustice and Inequity  
We are committed to addressing racial injustice and inequity in the United States for Black and African American 
communities and helping improv e lived experiences at Microsoft, in employees’ communities, and beyond. Our Racial 
Equity Initiative focuses on three multi -year pillars, each containing actions and progress we expect to make or exceed by 
2025.  
• Strengthening our communities: using dat a, technology, and partnerships to help improve the lives of Black 
and African American people in the United States, including our employees and their communities.  
• Evolving our ecosystem: using our balance sheet and relationships with suppliers and part ners to foster 
societal change and create new opportunities.  16   
• Increasing representation and strengthening inclusion: build on our momentum, adding a $150  million 
investment to strengthen inclusion and double the number of Black, African American, Hisp anic, and Latinx 
leaders in the United States by 2025.  
Over the last year, we collaborated with partners and worked within neighborhoods and communities to launch and scale 
a number of projects and programs, including: working with 70 organizations in 145 communities on the Justice Reform 
Initiative, expanding  access to affordable broadband and devices for Black and African American communities and key 
institutions that support them in major urban centers, expanding access to skills and education to support Black and 
African American students and adults to succ eed in the digital economy, and increasing technology support for nonprofits 
that provide critical services to Black and African American communities.  
We have made meaningful progress on representation and inclusion at Microsoft. We are 90  percent of the way to our 
2025 commitment to double the number of Black and African American people managers, senior individual contributors, 
and senior leaders in the U.S., and 50  percent of the way for Hispanic and Latinx people managers, senior individual 
contributors , and senior leaders in the U.S.  
We exceeded our goal on increasing the percentage of transaction volumes with Black - and African American -owned 
financial institutions and increased our deposits with Black - and African American -owned minority depository institutions, 
enabling increased fu nds into local communities. Additionally, we enriched our supplier pipeline, reaching more than 
90 percent of our goal to spend $500  million with double the number of Black and African American -owned suppliers. We 
also increased the number of identified pa rtners in the Black Partner Growth Initiative and continue to invest in the partner 
community through the Black Channel Partner Alliance by supporting events focused on business growth, accelerators, 
and mentorship.  
Progress does not undo the egregious in justices of the past or diminish those who continue to live with inequity. We are 
committed to leveraging our resources to help accelerate diversity and inclusion across our ecosystem and to hold 
ourselves accountable to accelerate change – for Microsoft, and beyond.  
Investing in Digital Skills  
The COVID -19 pandemic led to record unemployment, disrupting livelihoods of people around the world. After helping 
over 30  million people in 249 countries and territories with our global skills initiative, we intro duced a new initiative to 
support a more skills -based labor market, with greater flexibility and accessible learning paths to develop the right skills 
needed for the most in -demand jobs. Our skills initiative brings together learning resources, certificati on opportunities, and 
job-seeker tools from LinkedIn, GitHub, and Microsoft Learn, and is built on data insights drawn from LinkedIn’s Economic 
Graph. We previously invested $20  million in key non -profit partnerships through Microsoft Philanthropies to hel p people 
from underserved communities that are often excluded by the digital economy.  
We also launched a national campaign with U.S. community colleges to help skill and recruit into the cybersecurity 
workforce 250,000 people by 2025, representing half of  the country’s workforce shortage. To that end, we are making 
curriculum available free of charge to all of the nation’s public community colleges, providing training for new and existing  
faculty at 150 community colleges, and providing scholarships and su pplemental resources to 25,000 students.  
HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES  
Overview  
Microsoft aims to recruit, develop, and retain world -changing talent from a diversity of backgrounds. To foster their and 
our success, we seek to create an environment where peopl e can thrive, where they can do their best work, where they 
can proudly be their authentic selves, guided by our values, and where they know their needs can be met. We strive to 
maximize the potential of our human capital resources by creating a respectful , rewarding, and inclusive work 
environment that enables our global employees to create products and services that further our mission to empower every 
person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.  17   
As of June  30, 2022, we employed approx imately 221,000 people on a full -time basis, 122,000 in the U.S. and 99,000 
internationally. Of the total employed people, 85,000 were in operations, including manufacturing, distribution, product 
support, and consulting services; 73,000 were in product re search and development; 47,000 were in sales and marketing; 
and 16,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements.  
Our Culture  
Microsoft’s culture is grounded in the growth mindset. This means ev eryone is on a continuous journey to learn and grow. 
We believe potential can be nurtured and is not pre -determined, and we should always be learning and curious – trying 
new things without fear of failure. We identified four attributes that allow growth m indset to flourish:  
• Obsessing over what matters to our customers.  
• Becoming more diverse and inclusive in everything we do.  
• Operating as one company, One Microsoft, instead of multiple siloed businesses.  
• Making a difference in the lives of each other, our customers, and the world around us.  
Our employee listening systems enable us to gather feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs and 
employee needs globally. Seventy percent of employees globally participated in our fiscal yea r 2022 Employee Signals 
survey, which covers a variety of topics such as thriving, inclusion, team culture, wellbeing, and learning and 
development. Throughout the fiscal year, we collect over 75,000 Daily Pulse employee survey responses. During fiscal 
year 2022, our Daily Pulse surveys gave us invaluable insights into ways we could support employees through the 
COVID -19 pandemic, addressing racial injustice, the war in Ukraine, and their general wellbeing. In addition to Employee 
Signals and Daily Pulse su rveys, we gain insights through onboarding, internal mobility, leadership, performance and 
development, exit surveys, internal Yammer channels, employee Q&A sessions, and AskHR Service support.  
Diversity and Inclusion  
At Microsoft we have an inherently inclusive mission: to empower every person and every organization on the planet to 
achieve more. We think of diversity and inclusion as core to our business model, informing our actions to impact 
economies and people arou nd the world. There are billions of people who want to achieve more, but have a different set 
of circumstances, abilities, and backgrounds that often limit access to opportunity and achievement. The better we 
represent that diversity inside Microsoft, the more effectively we can innovate for those we seek to empower.  
We strive to include others by holding ourselves accountable for diversity, driving global systemic change in our workplace 
and workforce, and creating an inclusive work environment. Through t his commitment we can allow everyone the chance 
to be their authentic selves and do their best work every day. We support multiple highly active Employee Resource 
Groups for women, families, racial and ethnic minorities, military, people with disabilities,  and employees who identify as 
LGBTQIA+, where employees can go for support, networking, and community -building. As described in our 2021 Proxy 
Statement, annual performance and compensation reviews of our senior leadership team include an evaluation of th eir 
contributions to employee culture and diversity. To ensure accountability over time, we publicly disclose our progress on a 
multitude of workforce metrics including:  
• Detailed breakdowns of gender, racial, and ethnic minority representation in our em ployee population, with 
data by job types, levels, and segments of our business.  
• Our EEO -1 report (equal employment opportunity).  
• Disability representation.  
• Pay equity (see details below).  18   
Total Rewards  
We develop dynamic, sustainable, market -driven, and strategic programs with the goal of providing a highly differentiated 
portfolio to attract, reward, and retain top talent and enable our employees to thrive. These programs reinforce our culture 
and values such as collaboration and growth mind set. Managers evaluate and recommend rewards based on, for 
example, how well we leverage the work of others and contribute to the success of our colleagues. We monitor pay equity 
and career progress across multiple dimensions.  
As part of our effort to pro mote a One Microsoft and inclusive culture, in fiscal year 2021 we expanded stock eligibility to 
all Microsoft employees as part of our annual rewards process. This includes all non -exempt and exempt employees and 
equivalents across the globe including bus iness support professionals and datacenter and retail employees. In response 
to the Great Reshuffle, in fiscal year 2022 we announced a sizable investment in annual merit and annual stock award 
opportunity for all employees below senior executive levels. W e also invested in base salary adjustments for our 
datacenter and retail hourly employees and hourly equivalents outside the U.S. These investments have supported 
retention and help to ensure that Microsoft remains an employer of choice.  
Pay Equity  
In ou r 2021 Diversity and Inclusion Report, we reported that all racial and ethnic minority employees in the U.S. combined 
earn $1.006 for every $1.000 earned by their white counterparts, that women in the U.S. earn $1.002 for every $1.000 
earned by their count erparts in the U.S. who are men, and women in the U.S. plus our twelve other largest employee 
geographies representing 86.6% of our global population (Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, 
Israel, Japan, Romania, Singapore, and the Uni ted Kingdom) combined earn $1.001 for every $1.000 by men in these 
countries. Our intended result is a global performance and development approach that fosters our culture, and competitive 
compensation that ensures equitable pay by role while supporting pa y for performance.  
Wellness and Safety  
Microsoft is committed to supporting our employees’ well -being and safety while they are at work and in their personal 
lives.  
We took a wide variety of measures to protect the health and well -being of our employees, suppliers, and customers 
during the COV ID-19 pandemic and are now supporting employees in shifting to return to office and/or hybrid 
arrangements. We developed hybrid guidelines for managers and employees to support the transition and continue to 
identify ways we can support hybrid work scenari os through our employee listening systems.  
We have invested significantly in holistic wellbeing, and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many 
physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs including counseling through the Microsof t CARES Employee 
Assistance Program, mental wellbeing support, flexible fitness benefits, savings and investment tools, adoption 
assistance, and back -up care for children and elders. Finally, our Occupational Health and Safety program helps ensure 
employee s can stay safe while they are working.  
We continue to strive to support our Ukrainian employees and their dependents during the Ukraine crisis with emergency 
relocation assistance, emergency leave, and other benefits.  
Learning and Development  
Our growt h mindset culture begins with valuing learning over knowing – seeking out new ideas, driving innovation, 
embracing challenges, learning from failure, and improving over time. To support this culture, we offer a wide range of 
learning and development opport unities. We believe learning can be more than formal instruction, and our learning 
philosophy focuses on providing the right learning, at the right time, in the right way. Opportunities include:  
• Personalized, integrated, and relevant views of all learni ng opportunities on both our internal learning portal 
Learning (Viva Learning + LinkedIn Learning) and our external learning portal MS Learn are available to all 
employees worldwide.  19   
• In-the-classroom learning, learning cohorts, our early -in-career Aspire program, and manager excellence 
communities.  
• Required learning for all employees and managers on topics such as compliance, regulation, company 
culture, leadership, and management. This includes the annual Standards of Business Conduct training.  
• On-the-job “stretch” and advancement opportunities.  
• Managers holding conversations about employees’ career and development plans, coaching on career 
opportunities, and programs like men toring and sponsorship.  
• Customized manager learning to build people manager capabilities and similar learning solutions to build 
leadership skills for all employees including differentiated leadership development programs.  
• New employee orientation co vering a range of topics including company values, and culture, as well as 
ongoing onboarding programs.  
• New tools to assist managers and employees in learning how to operate, be productive, and connect in the 
new flexible hybrid world of work. These inc lude quick guides for teams to use, such as Creating Team 
Agreements, Reconnecting as a Team, and Running Effective Hybrid Meetings.  
Our employees embrace the growth mindset and take advantage of the formal learning opportunities as well as thousands 
of informal and on -the-job learning opportunities. In terms of formal on -line learning solutions, in fiscal year 2022 our 
employees completed over 4.7  million courses, averaging over 14 hours per employee. Given our focus on understanding 
core company beliefs and compliance topics, all employees complete required learning programs like Standards of 
Business Conduct, Privacy, Unconscious Bias, and preventing harassment courses. Our corporate learning portal has 
over 100,000 average monthly active users. We have over 27,000 people managers, all of whom must complete between 
20-33 hours of required manager capability and excellence training and are assigned ongoing required training each year. 
In addition, all employees complete skills training based on the profess ion they are in each year.  
New Ways of Working  
The COVID -19 pandemic accelerated our capabilities and culture with respect to flexible work. We introduced a Hybrid 
Workplace Flexibility Guide to better support managers and employees as they adapt to new ways of working that shift 
paradigms, embrace flexibility, promote inclusion, and drive innovation. Our ongoing survey data shows employees value 
the flexibility related to work location, work site, and work hours, and while many have begun returning to wo rksites as 
conditions have permitted, they also continue to adjust hours and/or spend some of workweeks working at home, another 
site, or remotely. We are focused on building capabilities to support a variety of workstyles where individuals, teams, and 
our business can deliver success.  
OPERATING SEGMENTS  
We operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and Business 
Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with  a comprehensive 
financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the 
development, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational 
allocation of r esources within businesses.  
Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 19 – 
Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K.  
Our reportable segments are described below.  20   
Productivity and Business Processes  
Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, 
communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:  
• Office Commercial  (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion of Microsoft 365 Commercial 
subscriptions, and Office licensed on -premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, 
Office 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft Viva.  
• Office Cons umer, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on -premises, and other 
Office services.  
• LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.  
• Dynamics business solutions, includin g Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud -based 
applications across ERP, CRM, Customer Insights, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on -premises ERP 
and CRM applications.  
Office Commercial  
Office Commercial is designed to increase personal, team, and organizational productivity through a range of products 
and services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small and 
medium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add value to our core product and service offerings to span 
productivity categories such as communication, collaboration, analytics, security, and compliance. Office Commercial 
revenue is mainly affected by a combination of conti nued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, 
as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on -premises to Office 365.  
Office Consumer  
Office Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity through a range of products an d services. Growth depends 
on our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set, and continue to expand our product and service 
offerings into new markets. Office Consumer revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy O ffice 
with their new devices and the continued shift from Office licensed on -premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. 
Office Consumer Services revenue is mainly affected by the demand for communication and storage through Skype, 
Outlook.com, and O neDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions, advertising, and the sale of minutes.  
LinkedIn  
LinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way 
companies hire, market, sell, and learn. Our vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the global 
workforce through the ongoing development of the world’s first Economic Graph, a digital representation of the global 
economy. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions: Talent Solutions, Marketing 
Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Talent Solutions provide insights for workforce planning and tools 
to hire, nurture, and develop talent. Talent Solutions also includes Learning Solutio ns, which help businesses close critical 
skills gaps in times where companies are having to do more with existing talent. Marketing Solutions help companies 
reach, engage, and convert their audiences at scale. Premium Subscriptions enables professionals to  manage their 
professional identity, grow their network, and connect with talent through additional services like premium search. Sales 
Solutions help companies strengthen customer relationships, empower teams with digital selling tools, and acquire new 
opportunities. LinkedIn has over 850  million members and has offices around the globe. Growth will depend on our ability 
to increase the number of LinkedIn members and our ability to continue offering services that provide value for our 
members and increase their engagement. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and 
professional organizations for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as 
well as member engagement and the quality of the  sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing 
Solutions.  21   
Dynamics  
Dynamics provides cloud -based and on -premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource 
planning (“ERP”), customer relationship management (“CR M”), supply chain management, and other application 
development platforms for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. 
Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expan sion of average revenue 
per user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud -based intelligent business applications, including 
Power Apps and Power Automate.  
Competition  
Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, such as Apple, Cisco Systems, Meta, Google, IBM, 
Okta, Proofpoint, Slack, Symantec, Zoom, and numerous web -based and mobile application competitors as well as local 
application developers. Apple distributes versions of its pre -installed applicatio n software, such as email and calendar 
products, through its PCs, tablets, and phones. Cisco Systems is using its position in enterprise communications 
equipment to grow its unified communications business. Google provides a hosted messaging and productivi ty suite. 
Slack provides teamwork and collaboration software. Zoom offers videoconferencing and cloud phone solutions. Okta, 
Proofpoint, and Symantec provide security solutions across email security, information protection, identity, and 
governance. Web -based offerings competing with individual applications have also positioned themselves as alternatives 
to our products and services. We compete by providing powerful, flexible, secure, integrated industry -specific, and easy -
to-use productivity and collaborat ion tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well with 
technologies our customers already have both on -premises or in the cloud.  
LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks, recruiting companies, talent management c ompanies, and 
larger companies that are focusing on talent management and human resource services; job boards; traditional recruiting 
firms; and companies that provide learning and development products and services. Marketing Solutions competes with 
online  and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers, and Sales Solutions competes with online 
and offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights.  
Dynamics competes with cloud -based and on -premises business solution providers such as Oracle, Salesforce, and SAP.  
Intelligent Cloud  
Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that can 
power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:  
• Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other c loud services; SQL Server, Windows Server, 
Visual Studio, System Center, and related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”); and Nuance and GitHub.  
• Enterprise Services, including Enterprise Support Services, Microsoft Consulting Services, and Nuance 
profession al services.  
Server Products and Cloud Services  
Azure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, 
deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure t hrough our global network of 
datacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, IoT, cognitive services, and 
machine learning. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications tha t benefit 
their organizations, rather than managing on -premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected by 
infrastructure -as-a-service and platform -as-a-service consumption -based services, and per user -based services such as 
Enterprise Mobi lity + Security.  22   
Our server products are designed to make IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and efficient. 
Server software is integrated server infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the 
Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, business intelligence, storage, 
management and operations, virtualization, service -oriented architecture platform, security, and identity software. We also 
license standal one and software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project 
managers. GitHub provides a collaboration platform and code hosting service for developers. Server products revenue is 
mainly affected by purchases throu gh volume licensing programs, licenses sold to original equipment manufacturers 
(“OEM”), and retail packaged products. CALs provide access rights to certain server products, including SQL Server and 
Windows Server, and revenue is reported along with the as sociated server product.  
Nuance and GitHub include both cloud and on -premises offerings. Nuance provides healthcare and enterprise AI 
solutions. GitHub provides a collaboration platform and code hosting service for developers.  
Enterprise Services  
Enterp rise Services, including Enterprise Support Services, Microsoft Consulting Services, and Nuance Professional 
Services, assist customers in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server solutions, Microsoft desktop 
solutions, and Nuance conversationa l AI and ambient intelligent solutions, along with providing training and certification to 
developers and IT professionals on various Microsoft products.  
Competition  
Azure faces diverse competition from companies such as Amazon, Google, IBM, Oracle, VMwa re, and open source 
offerings. Our Enterprise Mobility + Security offerings also compete with products from a range of competitors including 
identity vendors, security solution vendors, and numerous other security point solution vendors. Azure’s competitiv e 
advantage includes enabling a hybrid cloud, allowing deployment of existing datacenters with our public cloud into a 
single, cohesive infrastructure, and the ability to run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and 
complexities. We b elieve our cloud’s global scale, coupled with our broad portfolio of identity and security solutions, allows 
us to effectively solve complex cybersecurity challenges for our customers and differentiates us from the competition.  
Our server products face co mpetition from a wide variety of server operating systems and applications offered by 
companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers such as Hewlett -Packard, 
IBM, and Oracle offer their own versions of the Unix op erating system preinstalled on server hardware. Nearly all 
computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system and many contribute to Linux operating 
system development. The competitive position of Linux has also benefited from the large number of compatible 
applications now produced by many commercial and non -commercial software developers. A number of companies, such 
as Red Hat, supply versions of Linux.  
We compete to provide enterprise -wide computing solutions and point solutions  with numerous commercial software 
vendors that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms, software applications for connectivity (both Internet and 
intranet), security, hosting, database, and e -business servers. IBM and Oracle lead a group of co mpanies focused on the 
Java Platform Enterprise Edition that competes with our enterprise -wide computing solutions. Commercial competitors for 
our server applications for PC -based distributed client -server environments include CA Technologies, IBM, and Ora cle. 
Our web application platform software competes with open source software such as Apache, Linux, MySQL, and PHP. In 
middleware, we compete against Java vendors.  
Our database, business intelligence, and data warehousing solutions offerings compete with  products from IBM, Oracle, 
SAP, Snowflake, and other companies. Our system management solutions compete with server management and server 
virtualization platform providers, such as BMC, CA Technologies, Hewlett -Packard, IBM, and VMware. Our products for 
software developers compete against offerings from Adobe, IBM, Oracle, and other companies, and also against open -
source projects, including Eclipse (sponsored by CA Technologies, IBM, Oracle, and SAP), PHP, and Ruby on Rails.  23   
We believe our server products provide customers with advantages in performance, total costs of ownership, and 
productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, compatibility with a broad base of hardware and 
software applications, secur ity, and manageability.  
Our Enterprise Services business competes with a wide range of companies that provide strategy and business planning, 
application development, and infrastructure services, including multinational consulting firms and small niche bu sinesses 
focused on specific technologies.  
More Personal Computing  
Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the 
experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:  
• Windows,  including Windows OEM licensing (“Windows OEM”) and other non -volume licensing of the 
Windows operating system; Windows Commercial, comprising volume licensing of the Windows operating 
system, Windows cloud services, and other Windows commercial offerings ; patent licensing; and Windows 
Internet of Things.  
• Devices, including Surface and PC accessories.  
• Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first - and third -party content 
(including games and in -game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, 
third-party disc royalties, advertising, and other cl oud services.  
• Search and news advertising.  
Windows  
The Windows operating system is designed to deliver a more personal computing experience for users by enabling 
consistency of experience, applications, and information across their devices. Windows OE M revenue is impacted 
significantly by the number of Windows operating system licenses purchased by OEMs, which they pre -install on the 
devices they sell. In addition to computing device market volume, Windows OEM revenue is impacted by:  
• The mix of comp uting devices based on form factor and screen size.  
• Differences in device market demand between developed markets and growth markets.  
• Attachment of Windows to devices shipped.  
• Customer mix between consumer, small and medium businesses, and large e nterprises.  
• Changes in inventory levels in the OEM channel.  
• Pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation that occurs when the mix of devices manufactured shifts 
from local and regional system builders to large multinational OEMs, and different p ricing of Windows 
versions licensed.  
• Constraints in the supply chain of device components.  
• Piracy.  
Windows Commercial revenue, which includes volume licensing of the Windows operating system and Windows cloud 
services such as Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, is affected mainly by the demand from commercial customers for 
volume licensing and Software Assurance (“SA”), as well as advanced security offerings. Windows Commercial revenue 
often reflects the number of information workers in a licensed enter prise and is relatively independent of the number of 
PCs sold in a given year.  
Patent licensing includes our programs to license patents we own for use across a broad array of technology areas, 
including mobile devices and cloud offerings.  
Windows IoT ex tends the power of Windows and the cloud to intelligent systems by delivering specialized operating 
systems, tools, and services for use in embedded devices.  24   
Devices  
We design and sell devices, including Surface and PC accessories. Our devices are des igned to enable people and 
organizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products and 
services. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in De vices is 
dependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into new 
categories.  
Gaming  
Our gaming platform is designed to provide a variety of entertainment through a unique combination of content, 
community, and cloud. Our exclusive game content is created through Xbox Game Studios, a collection of first -party 
studios creating iconic and di fferentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in new gaming studios and content to 
expand our IP roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone of 
Xbox Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming co mmunity with access to a curated library of over 100 first - and 
third-party console and PC titles.  
The gamer remains at the heart of the Xbox ecosystem. We continue to open new opportunities for gamers to engage 
both on - and off -console with both the laun ch of Xbox Cloud Gaming, our game streaming service, and continued 
investment in gaming hardware. Xbox Cloud Gaming utilizes Microsoft’s Azure cloud technology to allow direct and on -
demand streaming of games to PCs, consoles, and mobile devices, enabling gamers to take their favorite games with 
them and play on the device most convenient to them.   
Xbox enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on Xbox consoles, Windows -
enabled devices, and other devices.  Xbox is desi gned to benefit users by providing access to a network of certified 
applications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customer 
base. Xbox revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of fi rst- and third -party content, as well as advertising. 
Growth of our Gaming business is determined by the overall active user base through Xbox enabled content, availability 
of games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational powe r and reliability of the devices used 
to access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences through first -party content creators.  
Search and News Advertising  
Our Search and news advertising business is designed to deliver relevant  search, native, and display advertising to a 
global audience. We have several partnerships with other companies, including Yahoo, through which we provide and 
monetize search queries. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent with 
relevant content and advertiser offerings.  
On June  6, 2022, we acquired Xandr, Inc., a technology platform with tools to accelerate the delivery of our digital 
advertising solutions.  
Competition  
Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices, mainly from Apple 
and Google. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy -to-
use interface, a nd compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enable 
productivity.  
Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination of 
high-quality industri al design and innovative technologies across various price points. These manufacturers, many of 
which are also current or potential partners and customers, include Apple and our Windows OEMs.  25   
Xbox and our cloud gaming services face competition from var ious online gaming ecosystems and game streaming 
services, including those operated by Amazon, Apple, Meta, Google, and Tencent. We also compete with other providers 
of entertainment services such as video streaming platforms. Our gaming platform competes with console platforms from 
Nintendo and Sony, both of which have a large, established base of customers.  We believe our gaming platform is 
effectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on signifi cant 
innovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, and 
continued strong exclusive content from our own first -party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings.  
Our Search and  news advertising business competes with Google and a wide array of websites, social platforms like 
Meta, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users.  
OPERATIONS  
We have operations centers that support operations in their regions, including customer contract and order processing, 
credit and collections, information processing, and vendor management and logistics. The regional center in Ireland 
supports the European, Middle Eastern, and African region; the center in Singapore support s the Japan, India, Greater 
China, and Asia -Pacific region; and the centers in Fargo, North Dakota, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Puerto Rico, Redmond, 
Washington, and Reno, Nevada support Latin America and North America. In addition to the operations centers,  we also 
operate datacenters throughout the Americas, Europe, Australia, and Asia, as well as in the Middle East and Africa.  
To serve the needs of customers around the world and to improve the quality and usability of products in international 
markets, we  localize many of our products to reflect local languages and conventions. Localizing a product may require 
modifying the user interface, altering dialog boxes, and translating text.  
Our devices are primarily manufactured by third -party contract manufactu rers. For the majority of our products, we have 
the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. 
However, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualifi ed suppliers. For these 
components, we have limited near -term flexibility to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or is 
unable to meet our requirements. Extended disruptions at these suppliers and/or manufacturers could lead to a  similar 
disruption in our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.  
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
Product and Service Development, and Intellectual Property  
We develop most of our products and services internally through the following engineering groups.  
• Cloud and AI , focuses on making IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and 
efficient through development of cloud infrastructure, server, database, CRM, ERP, software development 
tools and services (including  GitHub), AI cognitive services, and other business process applications and 
services for enterprises.  
• Experiences and Devices , focuses on instilling a unifying product ethos across our end -user experiences and 
devices, including Office, Windows, Teams, consumer web experiences (including search and news 
advertising), and the Surface line of devices.  
• Security, Compliance, Iden tity, and Management , focuses on cloud platform and application security, identity 
and network access, enterprise mobility, information protection, and managed services.    
• Technology and Research , focuses on our AI innovations and other forward -looking r esearch and 
development efforts spanning infrastructure, services, and applications.  
• LinkedIn , focuses on our services that transform the way customers hire, market, sell, and learn.  26   
• Gaming,  focuses on developing hardware, content, and services ac ross a large range of platforms to help 
grow our user base through game experiences and social interaction.  
Internal development allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer 
technical control over our prod ucts and services. It also gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and 
enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as 
possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect software and hardware design. Before 
releasing new software platforms, and as we make significant modifications to existing platforms, we provide application 
vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and te sting. Generally, we also create product 
documentation internally.  
We protect our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to 
ensure the enforcement of copyright, trademark, trade secret, and  other protections that apply to our software and 
hardware products, services, business plans, and branding. We are a leader among technology companies in pursuing 
patents and currently have a portfolio of over 69,000 U.S. and international patents issued and over 19,000 pending 
worldwide. While we employ much of our internally -developed intellectual property exclusively in our products and 
services, we also engage in outbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are incorporated into licensees’  
products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross -license agreements with other technology companies covering 
entire groups of patents. We may also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products and services. 
At times, we make  select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as 
promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting societal and/or environmental efforts, or attracting 
and enabling our external development community. Our increasing engagement with open source software will also cause 
us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations.  
While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, services, 
and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be 
obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not 
materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third party relating to the development of our 
products.  
Investing in the Future  
Our success is based on our ability to create new and compelling products, services, and experiences for our users, to 
initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new geographic and product markets, and to drive broad 
adoption of our produc ts and services. We invest in a range of emerging technology trends and breakthroughs that we 
believe offer significant opportunities to deliver value to our customers and growth for the Company. Based on our 
assessment of key technology trends, we maintai n our long -term commitment to research and development across a wide 
spectrum of technologies, tools, and platforms spanning digital work and life experiences, cloud computing, AI, devices, 
and operating systems.  
While our main product research and develo pment facilities are located in Redmond, Washington, we also operate 
research and development facilities in other parts of the U.S. and around the world. This global approach helps us remain 
competitive in local markets and enables us to continue to attrac t top talent from across the world.  
We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of product research and development activities, and 
as appropriate we will coordinate our research and development across operating segments and lever age the results 
across the Company.  
In addition to our main research and development operations, we also operate Microsoft Research. Microsoft Research is 
one of the world’s largest corporate research organizations and works in close collaboration with top  universities around 
the world to advance the state -of-the-art in computer science and a broad range of other disciplines, providing us a unique 
perspective on future trends and contributing to our innovation.  27   
DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING  
We mar ket and distribute our products and services through the following channels: OEMs, direct, and distributors and 
resellers. Our sales force performs a variety of functions, including working directly with commercial enterprises and 
public -sector organizatio ns worldwide to identify and meet their technology and digital transformation requirements; 
managing OEM relationships; and supporting system integrators, independent software vendors, and other partners who 
engage directly with our customers to perform sa les, consulting, and fulfillment functions for our products and services.  
OEMs  
We distribute our products and services through OEMs that pre -install our software on new devices and servers they sell. 
The largest component of the OEM business is the Windows operating system pre -installed on devices. OEMs also sell 
devices pre -installe d with other Microsoft products and services, including applications such as Office and the capability to 
subscribe to Office 365.  
There are two broad categories of OEMs.  The largest category of OEMs are direct OEMs as our relationship with them is 
manage d through a direct agreement between Microsoft and the OEM. We have distribution agreements covering one or 
more of our products with virtually all the multinational OEMs, including Dell, Hewlett -Packard, Lenovo, and with many 
regional and local OEMs.  The second broad category of OEMs are system builders consisting of lower -volume PC 
manufacturers, which source Microsoft software for pre -installation and local redistribution primarily through the Microsoft 
distributor channel rather than through a direct ag reement or relationship with Microsoft.  
Direct  
Many organizations that license our products and services transact directly with us through Enterprise Agreements and 
Enterprise Services contracts, with sales support from system integrators, independent so ftware vendors, web agencies, 
and partners that advise organizations on licensing our products and services (“Enterprise Agreement Software Advisors” 
or “ESA”). Microsoft offers direct sales programs targeted to reach small, medium, and corporate customers , in addition to 
those offered through the reseller channel. A large network of partner advisors support many of these sales.  
We also sell commercial and consumer products and services directly to customers, such as cloud services, search, and 
gaming, thr ough our digital marketplaces and online stores. In fiscal year 2021, we closed our Microsoft Store physical 
locations and opened our Microsoft Experience Centers. Microsoft Experience Centers are designed to facilitate deeper 
engagement with our partners and customers across industries.  
Distributors and Resellers  
Organizations also license our products and services indirectly, primarily through licensing solution partners (“LSP”), 
distributors, value -added resellers (“VAR”), and retailers. Although each type of reselling partner may reach organizations 
of all sizes, LSPs are primarily engaged with large organizations, distributors resell primarily to VARs, and VARs typically 
reach small and medium organizations. ESAs are also typically authorized as LSPs and operate as resellers for our other 
volume licensing programs. Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider is our main partner program for reselling cloud services.  
We distribute our retail packaged products primarily through independent non -exclusive distributo rs, authorized 
replicators, resellers, and retail outlets. Individual consumers obtain these products primarily through retail outlets. We 
distribute our devices through third -party retailers. We have a network of field sales representatives and field supp ort 
personnel that solicit orders from distributors and resellers and provide product training and sales support.  
Our Dynamics business solutions are also licensed to enterprises through a global network of channel partners providing 
vertical solutions an d specialized services.  28   
LICENSING OPTIONS  
We offer options for organizations that want to purchase our cloud services, on -premises software, and SA. We license 
software to organizations under volume licensing agreements to allow the customer to acquir e multiple licenses of 
products and services instead of having to acquire separate licenses through retail channels. We use different programs 
designed to provide flexibility for organizations of various sizes. While these programs may differ in various pa rts of the 
world, generally they include those discussed below.  
SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades for perpetual licenses released over the contract period. It also provides 
support, tools, training, and other licensing benefits to help custom ers deploy and use software efficiently. SA is included 
with certain volume licensing agreements and is an optional purchase with others.  
Volume Licensing Programs  
Enterprise Agreement  
Enterprise Agreements offer large organizations a manageable volume licensing program that gives them the flexibility to 
buy cloud services and software licenses under one agreement. Enterprise Agreements are designed for medium or large 
organizations that want to license cloud services and on -premises software organizatio n-wide over a three -year period. 
Organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is included.  
Microsoft Customer Agreement  
A Microsoft Customer Agreement is a simplified purchase agreement presented, accepted, and stor ed through a digital 
experience. A Microsoft Customer Agreement is a non -expiring agreement that is designed to support all customers over 
time, whether purchasing through a partner or directly from Microsoft.  
Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement  
A Mi crosoft Online Subscription Agreement is designed for small and medium organizations that want to subscribe to, 
activate, provision, and maintain cloud services seamlessly and directly via the web. The agreement allows customers to 
acquire monthly or annua l subscriptions for cloud -based services.  
Microsoft Products and Services Agreement  
Microsoft Products and Services Agreements are designed for medium and large organizations that want to license cloud 
services and on -premises software as needed, with no organization -wide commitment, under a single, non -expiring 
agreement. Organizations p urchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is optional for customers that 
purchase perpetual licenses.  
Open Value  
Open Value agreements are a simple, cost -effective way to acquire the latest Microsoft technology. These agreements 
are designe d for small and medium organizations that want to license cloud services and on -premises software over a 
three -year period. Under Open Value agreements, organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to 
licenses and SA is included.  
Select Plus  
A Select Plus agreement is designed for government and academic organizations to acquire on -premises licenses at any 
affiliate or department level, while realizing advantages as one organization. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses 
and SA is optional.  29   
Partner Programs  
The Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider program offers customers an easy way to license the cloud services they need in 
combination with the value -added services offered by their systems integrator, managed services provide r, or cloud 
reseller partner. Partners in this program can easily package their own products and services to directly provision, 
manage, and support their customer subscriptions.  
The Microsoft Services Provider License Agreement allows hosting service pro viders and independent software vendors 
who want to license eligible Microsoft software products to provide software services and hosted applications to their end 
customers. Partners license software over a three -year period and are billed monthly based on  consumption.  
The Independent Software Vendor Royalty program enables partners to integrate Microsoft products into other 
applications and then license the unified business solution to their end users.  
CUSTOMERS  
Our customers include individual consumer s, small and medium organizations, large global enterprises, public -sector 
institutions, Internet service providers, application developers, and OEMs.  Our practice is to ship our products promptly 
upon receipt of purchase orders from customers; consequentl y, backlog is not significant.  
AVAILABLE INFORMATION  
Our Internet address is www.microsoft.com. At our Investor Relations website, www.microsoft.com/investor, we make 
available free of charge a variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintai n the Investor Relations website as a 
portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including:  
• Our annual report on Form 10 -K, quarterly reports on Form 10 -Q, current reports on Form 8 -K, and any 
amendment s to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with 
or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov.  
• Information on our business strategies, financial results, and metrics for investors.  
• Announcements of investor conferences, speeches, and events at which our executives talk about our 
product, service, and competitive strategies. Archives of these events are also available.  
• Press releases on quarterly earnings, product  and service announcements, legal developments, and 
international news.  
• Corporate governance information including our articles of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, 
committee charters, codes of conduct and ethics, global corporate social responsibility initiatives, and other 
governance -related policies.  
• Other ne ws and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or 
interesting.  
• Opportunities to sign up for email alerts to have information pushed in real time.  
We publish a variety of reports and resources related to our Cor porate Social Responsibility programs and progress on 
our Reports Hub website, www.microsoft.com/corporate -responsibility/reports -hub, including reports on sustainability, 
responsible sourcing, accessibility, digital trust, and public policy engagement.  
The information found on these websites is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report we file 
with, or furnish to, the SEC. In addition to these channels, we use social media to communicate to the public. It is possible  
that th e information we post on social media could be deemed to be material to investors. We encourage investors, the 
media, and others interested in Microsoft to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our 
Investor Relations website .  
  30 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is 
intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD&A is 
provided as a supplem ent to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the 
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K. This section generally discusses the 
results of our operations for the year ended Ju ne 30, 2022 compared to the year ended June  30, 2021. For a discussion 
of the year ended June  30, 2021 compared to the year ended June  30, 2020, please refer to in our fiscal year 2022 Form 
10-K, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on 
Form 10 -K for the year ended June  30, 2021.  
OVERVIEW  
Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to 
achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our platforms 
and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public -sector efficiency. They also 
support new startups, improve educational and h ealth outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.  
We generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud -based and other services to people and businesses; licensing and 
supporting an array of software products; designing, manufacturing, and selling devices; an d delivering relevant online 
advertising to a global audience. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; designing, 
manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services; datacenter costs in support of our cloud -based s ervices; 
and income taxes.  
Highlights from fiscal year 2022 compared with fiscal year 2021 included:  
• Microsoft Cloud (formerly commercial cloud) revenue increased 32% to $91.2  billion.  
• Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 13% driven by Office 365 Commercial 
growth of 18%.  
• Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 11% and Microsoft 365 Consumer 
subscribers grew to 59.7  million.  
• LinkedIn revenue increased 34%.  
• Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 25% driven by Dynamics 365 growth of 39%.  
• Server products and cloud services revenue increased 28% driven by Azure and other cloud services growth 
of 45%.  
• Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (“Windows OEM”) revenue inc reased 11%.  
• Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 11%.  
• Xbox content and services revenue increased 3%.  
• Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 27%.  
• Surface revenue increased 3%.  
On March  4, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”) for a total purchase price of 
$18.8  billion, c onsisting primarily of cash. Nuance is a cloud and artificial intelligence (“AI”) software provider with 
healthcare and enterprise AI experience, and the acquisition will build on our industry -specific cloud offerings. The 
financial results of Nuance have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. 
Nuance is reported as part of our Intelligent Cloud segment. Refer to Note 8 – Business Combinations of the Notes to 
Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form  10-K for further discussion.  31   
Industry Trends  
Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each 
industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new idea s that can further transform the 
industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research 
and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users,  industry 
trends, and competitive forces.  
Economic Conditions, Challenges, and Risks  
The markets for software, devices, and cloud -based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our competitors are 
developing new software and devices, while also deplo ying competing cloud -based services for consumers and 
businesses. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in 
the cloud, and in some cases, the user’s choice of which suite of cloud -based service s to use. We must continue to evolve 
and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure 
and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins.  
Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We hire a mix of university and 
industry talent worldwide. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, 
broad customer  reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one’s career across many different products and businesses, 
and competitive compensation and benefits. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to 
global macroeconomic and geopol itical factors, which remain dynamic.  
Our devices are primarily manufactured by third -party contract manufacturers, some of which contain certain components 
for which there are very few qualified suppliers. For these components, we have limited near -term flexibility to use other 
manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or is unable to meet our requirements. Extended disruptions at 
these suppliers and/or manufacturers could lead to a similar disruption in our ability to manufacture devices on t ime to 
meet consumer demand.  
Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and 
expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchang e rates may 
significantly affect revenue and expenses. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies did not hav e 
a material impact on reported revenue or expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2022.  
Refer to Ri sk Factors in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for a discussion of these factors and other risks.  
Seasonality  
Our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. Second 
quarter revenue is driven by  corporate year -end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by 
consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi -year on -premises contracts executed during the 
period.  
Reportable Segments  
We report our financ ial performance based on the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent 
Cloud, and More Personal Computing. The segment amounts included in MD&A are presented on a basis consistent with 
our internal management reporting. Additiona l information on our reportable segments is contained in Note 19 – Segment 
Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K.  
Metrics  
We use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of 
resources. We disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into 
performance tren ds, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. Our commercial and other business 
metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and  32 services. The metrics are disclosed in the MD&A or the Notes to Financ ial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K. 
Financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and growth comparisons relate to th e corresponding period of last 
fiscal year.  
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we made updates to the presentation and method of calculation for certain metrics, 
most notably changes to incorporate all current and anticipated revenue streams within our Office Consumer and Server 
products and cloud services metrics and changes to align with how we manage our Windows OEM and Search and news 
advertising businesses. None of these changes had a material impact on previously reported amounts in our MD&A.  
In the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we  completed our acquisition of Nuance. Nuance is included in all commercial 
metrics and our Server products and cloud services revenue growth metric. Azure and other cloud services revenue 
includes Nuance cloud services, and Server products revenue includes  Nuance on -premises offerings.  
Commercial  
Our commercial business primarily consists of Server products and cloud services, Office Commercial, Windows 
Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Enterprise Services, and Dynamics. Our commercial metri cs allow 
management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of 
future performance.  
  
Commercial remaining performance obligation  Commercial portion of revenue allocated to remaining 
performance obligations, which includes unearned 
revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized 
as revenue in future periods  
    
Microsoft Cloud revenue  Revenue from Azure and other cloud services, Office 365 
Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, 
Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties  
    
Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage  Gross margin percentage for our Microsoft Cloud business  
Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud  
Metrics related to our Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud segments assess the health of our core 
businesses within these segments. The metrics reflect our cloud and on -premis es product strategies and trends.  
  
Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue 
growth  Revenue from Office Commercial products and cloud 
services (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion 
of Microsoft 365 Commercial subscriptions, and Of fice 
licensed on -premises), comprising Office, Exchange, 
SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Office 365 Security and 
Compliance, and Microsoft Viva  
    
Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue 
growth  Revenue from Office Consumer products and cloud 
services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, 
Office licensed on -premises, and other Office services  
    
Office 365 Commercial seat growth  The number of Office 365 Commercial seats at end of 
period where seats are paid users covered by an Office 
365 Commercial subscription  
    
Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers  The number of Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers at 
end of period  33 Dynamics products and cloud services revenue growth  Revenue from Dynamics products and cloud services, 
including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, 
cloud -based applications across ERP, CRM, Customer 
Insights, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on -
premises ERP and CRM applications  
    
LinkedIn revenue growth  Revenue from LinkedIn, in cluding Talent Solutions, 
Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales 
Solutions  
    
Server products and cloud services revenue growth  Revenue from Server products and cloud services, 
including Azure and other cloud services; SQL Server, 
Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, and 
related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”); and Nuance and 
GitHub  
More Personal Computing  
Metrics related to our More Personal Computing segment assess the performance of key lines of business within this 
segment. These metrics provide strategic product insights which allow us to assess the performance across our 
commercial and consumer businesses. As we have diversity of target audiences and sales motions within the Windows 
business, we monitor metrics that are reflective of those varying motions.  
  
Windows OEM revenue growth  Revenue from sales of Windows Pro and non -Pro licenses sold 
through the OEM channel  
    
Windows Commercial products and cloud 
services revenue growth  Revenue from Windows Commercial products and cloud services, 
comprising volume licensing of the Windows operating system, 
Windows cloud services, and other Windows commercial offerings  
    
Surface revenue growth  Revenue from Surface devices and accessories  
    
Xbox content and services revenue growth  Revenue from Xbox content and services, comprising first - and third -
party content (including games and in -game content), Xbox Game 
Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, third -party disc 
royalties, advertising,  and other cloud services  
    
Search and news advertising revenue, 
excluding TAC, growth  Revenue from search and news advertising excluding traffic 
acquisition costs (“TAC”) paid to Bing Ads network publishers and 
news partners  
SUMMARY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
  
(In millions,  except  percentages  and per share  amounts)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
        
Revenue  $  198,270   $  168,088    18%  
Gross margin   135,620    115,856    17%  
Operating income   83,383    69,916    19%  
Net income   72,738    61,271    19%  
Diluted earnings per share   9.65   8.05   20%  
        
Adjusted net income (non -GAAP)   69,447    60,651    15%  
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non -GAAP)   9.21   7.97   16%    
Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) are non -GAAP financial measures which exclude 
the net  income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 and the  34 net income tax bene fit related to an India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes in the third quarter of fiscal year 
2021. Refer to the Non -GAAP Financial Measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in 
accordance with GAAP to non -GAAP financial results. See Note 12 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Financial Statements 
in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021  
Revenue increased $30.2  billion or 18% driven by growth across ea ch of our segments. Intelligent Cloud revenue 
increased driven by Azure and other cloud services. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by 
Office 365 Commercial and LinkedIn. More Personal Computing revenue increased driven by Search  and news 
advertising and Windows.  
Cost of revenue increased $10.4  billion or 20% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud.  
Gross margin increased $19.8  billion or 17% driven by growth across each of our segments.  
• Gross margin percentage decreased slightly . Excluding the impact of the fiscal year 2021 change in 
accounting estimate for the useful lives of our server and network equipment, gross margin percentage 
increased 1 point driven by improvement in Productivity and Business Processes.  
• Microsoft Clou d gross margin percentage decreased slightly to 70%. Excluding the impact of the change in 
accounting estimate, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased 3 points driven by improvement 
across our cloud services, offset in part by sales mix shift to  Azure and other cloud services.  
Operating expenses increased $6.3  billion or 14% driven by investments in cloud engineering, LinkedIn, Gaming, and 
commercial sales.  
Key changes in operating expenses were:  
• Research and development expenses increased $ 3.8 billion or 18% driven by investments in cloud 
engineering, Gaming, and LinkedIn.  
• Sales and marketing expenses increased $1.7  billion or 8% driven by investments in commercial sales and 
LinkedIn. Sales and marketing included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.  
• General and administrative expenses increased $793  million or 16% d riven by investments in corporate 
functions.  
Operating income increased $13.5  billion or 19% driven by growth across each of our segments.  
Current year net income and diluted EPS were positively impacted by the net tax benefit related to the transfer of 
intangible properties, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted EPS of $3.3  billion and $0.44, respectively. 
Prior year net income and diluted EPS were positively impacted by the net tax benefit related to the India Supreme Court 
decision on  withholding taxes, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted EPS of $620  million and $0.08, 
respectively.  
Gross margin and operating income both included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.  
SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
  
(In millions, except percentages)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
        
Revenue        
        
Productivity and Business Processes  $ 63,364   $ 53,915    18%  
Intelligent Cloud   75,251    60,080    25%  
More Personal Computing   59,655    54,093    10%        
Total  $   198,270   $  168,088    18%          
        
Operating Income        
        
Productivity and Business Processes  $ 29,687   $ 24,351    22%  
Intelligent Cloud   32,721    26,126    25%  
More Personal Computing   20,975    19,439    8%        
Total  $ 83,383   $ 69,916    19%          35   
Reportable Segments  
Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021  
Productivity and Business Processes  
Revenue increased $9.4  billion or 18%.  
• Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $4.4  billion or 13%. Office 365 
Commercial revenue grew 18% driven by seat growth of 14%, with continued momentum in small and 
medium business and frontline worker offerings, as well as growth  in revenue per user. Office Commercial 
products revenue declined 22% driven by continued customer shift to cloud offerings.  
• Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $641  million or 11% driven by Microsoft 365 
Consumer subscription revenue. Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers grew 15% to 59.7  million.  
• LinkedIn revenue increased $3.5  billion or 34% driven by a strong job market in our Talent Solutions business 
and advertising demand in our Marketing Solutions business.  
• Dynamics p roducts and cloud services revenue increased 25% driven by Dynamics 365 growth of 39%.  
Operating income increased $5.3  billion or 22%.  
• Gross margin increased $7.3  billion or 17% driven by growth in Office 365 Commercial and LinkedIn. Gross 
margin percentage was relatively unchanged. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, 
gross margin percentage increased 2 points drive n by improvement across all cloud services.  
• Operating expenses increased $2.0  billion or 11% driven by investments in LinkedIn and cloud engineering.  
Gross margin and operating income both included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.  
Intelli gent Cloud  
Revenue increased $15.2  billion or 25%.  
• Server products and cloud services revenue increased $14.7  billion or 28% driven by Azure and other cloud 
services. Azure and other cloud services revenue grew 45% driven by growth in our consumption -based 
services. Server products revenue increased 5% driven by hybrid solutions, including Windows Server and 
SQL Server running in multi -cloud environments.  
• Enterprise Services revenue increased $464  million or 7% driven by growth in Enterprise Support Services.  
Operating income increased $6.6  billion or 25%.  
• Gross margin increased $9.4  billion or 22% driven by growth in Azure and other cloud services. Gross margin 
percentage decreased. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross  margin percentage 
was relatively unchanged driven by improvement in Azure and other cloud services, offset in part by sales 
mix shift to Azure and other cloud services.  
• Operating expenses increased $2.8  billion or 16% driven by investments in Azure and  other cloud services.  
Revenue and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2% and 3%, respectively.  
More Personal Computing  
Revenue increased $5.6  billion or 10%.  
• Windows revenue increased $2.3  billion or 10% driven by gro wth in Windows OEM and Windows 
Commercial. Windows OEM revenue increased 11% driven by continued strength in the commercial PC 
market, which has higher revenue per license. Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue 
increased 11% driven by dema nd for Microsoft 365.  36   
• Search and news advertising revenue increased $2.3  billion or 25%. Search and news advertising revenue 
excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 27% driven by higher revenue per search and search volume.  
• Gaming revenue in creased $860  million or 6% on a strong prior year comparable that benefited from Xbox 
Series X|S launches and stay -at-home scenarios, driven by growth in Xbox hardware and Xbox content and 
services. Xbox hardware revenue increased 16% due to continued dema nd for Xbox Series X|S. Xbox 
content and services revenue increased 3% driven by growth in Xbox Game Pass subscriptions and first -
party content, offset in part by a decline in third -party content.  
• Surface revenue increased $226  million or 3%.  
Operating income increased $1.5  billion or 8%.  
• Gross margin increased $3.1  billion or 10% driven by growth in Windows and Search and news advertising. 
Gross margin percentage was relatively unchanged.  
• Operating expenses increased $1.5  billion or 14% driven by investments in Gaming, Search and news 
advertising, and Windows marketing.  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
Research and Development  
  
(In millions, except percentages)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
        
Research and development  $   24,512    $  20,716     18%  
As a percent of revenue   12%   12%   0ppt    
Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock -based compensation expense, and other 
headcount -related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include 
third-party development and pro gramming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, 
and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.  
Research and development expenses increased $3.8  billion or 18% driven by investments in clo ud engineering, Gaming, 
and LinkedIn.  
Sales and Marketing  
  
(In millions, except percentages)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
        
Sales and marketing  $   21,825    $  20,117     8%  
As a percent of revenue   11%   12%   (1)ppt     
Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock -based compensation expense, and other 
headcount -related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, 
trade shows, seminars, and othe r programs.  
Sales and marketing expenses increased $1.7  billion or 8% driven by investments in commercial sales and LinkedIn. 
Sales and marketing included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.  
General and Administrative  
  
(In millions, except percentages)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
        
General and administrative  $   5,900    $  5,107     16%  
As a percent of revenue   3%   3%   0ppt    37   
General and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock -based compensation expense, and other 
headcount -related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative 
personnel, certain t axes, and legal and other administrative fees.  
General and administrative expenses increased $793  million or 16% driven by investments in corporate functions.  
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET  
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:  
  
(In millions)        
      
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Interest and dividends income  $   2,094   $    2,131   
Interest expense   (2,063 )  (2,346 ) 
Net recognized gains on investments   461   1,232   
Net gains (losses) on derivatives   (52)  17  
Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements   (75)  54  
Other, net   (32)  98      
Total  $ 333  $ 1,186         
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; 
enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. Gains and losses from changes in fair values of 
derivatives that a re not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.  
Interest and dividends income decreased due to lower portfolio balances. Interest expense decreased due to a decrease 
in outstanding long -term debt due to debt maturities. Net recognized gains on investments decreased primarily due to 
lower gains on equity  securities.  
INCOME TAXES  
Effective Tax Rate  
Our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was 13% and 14%, respectively.  The decrease in our effective tax 
rate was primarily due to a $3.3  billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of f iscal year 2022 related to the transfer 
of intangible properties, offset in part by changes in the mix of our income before income taxes between the U.S. and 
foreign countries, as well as tax benefits in the prior year from the India Supreme Court decision  on withholding taxes in 
the case of Engineering Analysis Centre of Excellent Private Limited vs The Commissioner of Income Tax, an agreement 
between the U.S. and India tax authorities related to transfer pricing, and final Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) 
regulations.  
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we transferred certain intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the  
U.S. The transfer of intangible properties resulted in a $3.3  billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 
2022, as the value of future U.S. tax deductions exceeds the current tax liability from the U.S. global intangible low -taxed 
income tax.  
We have historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales through distributor withholding and ta x audit 
assessments in India. In March 2021, the India Supreme Court ruled favorably for companies in 86 separate appeals, 
some dating back to 2012, holding that software sales are not subject to India withholding taxes. Although we were not a 
party to the  appeals, our software sales in India were determined to be not subject to withholding taxes. Therefore, we 
recorded a net income tax benefit of $620  million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the results of the India 
Supreme Court decisio n impacting fiscal year 1996 through fiscal year 2016.  
Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to the net income tax benefit related to  
the transfer of intangible properties, earnings taxed at lower rates in fo reign jurisdictions resulting from producing and 
distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland, and tax benefits relating t o 
stock -based compensation.  38   
The mix of income before income taxes between the U.S. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result 
of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. In fiscal year 2022, our U.S. 
income before income taxes was $47.8  billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $35.9  billion. In fiscal year 
2021, our U.S. income before income taxes was $35.0  billion and our foreign income before income taxes was 
$36.1  billion.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
We settled a portion of the Internal Revenue Service ( “IRS”) audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. In 
February 2012, the IRS withdrew its 2011 Revenue Agents Report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 
and reopened the audit phase of the examination. We also settled a portio n of the IRS audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in 
fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the IRS audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. In the second quarter of 
fiscal year 2021, we settled an additional portion of the IRS audits for tax years 20 04 to 2013 and made a payment of 
$1.7 billion, including tax and interest. We remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2017.  
As of June  30, 2022, the primary unresolved issues for the IRS audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a 
material impa ct in our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. We believe our allowances for 
income tax contingencies are adequate. We have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved key transfer 
pricing issues and do not expect a fi nal resolution of these issues in the next 12 months.  Based on the information 
currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within  
the next 12 months.  
We are subject to income tax i n many jurisdictions outside the U.S. Our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject 
to examination for tax years 1996 to 2021, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution 
of each of these audits is not expected  to be material to our consolidated financial statements.  
NON -GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES  
Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS are non -GAAP financial measures which exclude the net  tax benefit 
related to the transfer of intangible properties in the f irst quarter of fiscal year 2022 and the net income tax benefit related 
to an India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. We believe these non -
GAAP measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends 
affecting our business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non -GAAP measures in conjunction with 
GAAP financial results in evaluating business performance. These non -GAAP financial measu res presented should not be 
considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.  
The following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP to non -GAAP financial re sults:  
  
(In millions, except percentages and per share amounts)  2022  2021  Percentage  
Change    
Net income  $   72,738   $  61,271    19%  
Net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties   (3,291 )  0   *  
Net income tax benefit related to India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes   0   (620)  *        
Adjusted net income (non -GAAP)  $ 69,447   $ 60,651    15%          
Diluted earnings per share  $ 9.65  $ 8.05   20%  
Net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties   (0.44 )  0   *  
Net income tax benefit related to India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes   0   (0.08 )  *        
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non -GAAP)  $ 9.21  $ 7.97   16%          
* Not meaningful.  39   
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  
We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short -term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital 
markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing 
activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax 
related to the TCJA, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.  
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments  
Cash, cash equiva lents, and short -term investments totaled $104.8  billion and $130.3  billion as of June  30, 2022 and 
2021, respectively. Equity investments were $6.9  billion and $6.0  billion as of June  30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our 
short -term investments are primari ly intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. They consist predominantly of 
highly liquid investment -grade fixed -income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. The 
investments are predominantly U.S. dollar -denominat ed securities, but also include foreign currency -denominated 
securities to diversify risk. Our fixed -income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. The credit risk 
and average maturity of our fixed -income portfolio are managed to ach ieve economic returns that correlate to certain 
fixed -income indices. The settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short -term 
investments held are primarily highly liquid investment -grade fixed -income securities.  
Valuat ion  
In general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the  
fair value of our financial instruments. This pricing methodology applies to our Level  1 investments, such as U.S. 
government  securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. If quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities  or 
inputs other than t he quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. This pricing methodology applies to our 
Level  2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, 
mortgage - and asset -backed  securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Level  3 investments are 
valued using internally -developed models with unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a 
recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an  immaterial portion of our portfolio.  
A majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level  1 or Level  2 investments as these 
vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their  pricing without 
applying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not 
priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment 
trades. Our broker -priced investments are generally classified as Level  2 investments because the broker prices these 
investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. In addition, all our broker -priced 
investments ha ve a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these 
investments. Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. 
These controls include model  validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period -over-period fluctuations, and 
independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.  
Cash Flows  
Cash from operations increased $12.3  billion to $89.0  billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due to an increase in cash 
received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers and employees. Cash used in financing 
increased $10.4  billion to $58.9  billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due to a $5.3  billion increase in common stock 
repurchases and a $5.3  billion increase in repayments of debt. Cash used in investing increased $2.7  billion to 
$30.3  billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due  to a $13.1  billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of 
cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, and a $3.3  billion increase in additions to property and 
equipment, offset in part by a $15.6  billion increase in c ash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.  40   
Debt Proceeds  
We issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the 
low interest rate environment. The proceeds of these i ssuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, 
acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. In March 2021 and June 2020,  we exchanged a portion of our existing debt 
at a premium for cash and new debt with longer maturities to take advantage of favorable financing rates in the debt 
markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. Refer to Note 11 – Debt of the Notes to 
Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
Unearned Revenue  
Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include 
Software Assurance (“SA”) an d cloud services. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each 
contract period for multi -year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also 
includes payments for other offerings for which we h ave been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer 
control of the product or service. Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal 
year 2022 Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
The following table outl ines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of June  30, 2022:  
  
(In millions)      
    
Three Months Ending    
    
September  30, 2022  $  17,691   
December  31, 2022   13,923   
March  31, 2023   9,491   
June  30, 2023   4,433   
Thereafter   2,870     
Total  $ 48,408       
If our customers choose to license cloud -based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction -
based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to 
being recognized o ver the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable.  
Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations  
Contractual Obligations  
The following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of Jun e 30, 
2022:  
  
(In millions)  2023  Thereafter  Total        
        
Long -term debt:  (a)       
Principal payments  $ 2,750   $ 52,761   $ 55,511   
Interest payments   1,468    21,139    22,607   
Construction commitments  (b)  7,942    576   8,518   
Operating and finance leases, including imputed interest  (c)  4,609    44,045    48,654   
Purchase commitments  (d)  42,669    2,985    45,654         
Total  $   59,438   $  121,506   $   180,944           41   
(a) Refer to Note 11 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K.  
(b) Refer to Note 7 – Property and Equipment of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K.  
(c) Refer to Note 14 – Leases of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K.  
(d) Purchase commitments primarily relate to datacenters and include open purchase orders and take -or-pay contracts 
that are not presented as construction commitments above.   
Income Taxes  
As a result of the TCJA, we are required to p ay a one -time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject 
to U.S. income tax. Under the TCJA, the transition tax is payable in interest -free installments over eight years, with 8% 
due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 2 0% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. We have paid transition tax 
of $6.2  billion, which included $1.5  billion for fiscal year 2022. The remaining transition tax of $12.0  billion is payable over 
the next four years, with $1.3  billion payable within 12 m onths.  
Provisions enacted in the TCJA related to the  capitalization  for tax purposes of  research  and experimental expenditures 
became effective on July  1, 2022. These provisions require us to capitalize research and experimental expenditures and 
amortize them on the U.S. tax return over five or fifteen years, depending on where research is conducted. The final 
foreign tax credit regulations, also effective on July  1, 2022, introduced significant changes to foreign tax credit 
calculations in the U.S. tax re turn. While these provisions are not expected to have a material impact on our fiscal year 
2023 effective tax rate on a net basis, our cash paid for taxes would increase unless these provisions are postponed or 
modified through legislative processes.  
Shar e Repurchases  
During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 95  million shares and 101  million shares of our common stock for 
$28.0  billion and $23.0  billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. All repurchases were made using 
cash res ources. As of June  30, 2022, $40.7  billion remained of our $60  billion share repurchase program. Refer to Note 
16 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
Dividends  
During fisca l year 2022, our Board of Directors declared quarterly dividends of $0.62 per share. We intend to continue 
returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Refer to Note 
16 – Stockholders’ Equity  of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for further discussion.  
Other Planned Uses of Capital  
On January  18, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for 
$95.00 per share in an all -cash transaction valued at $68.7  billion, inclusive of Activision Blizzard’s net cash. The 
acquisition h as been approved by Activision Blizzard’s shareholders, and we expect it to close in fiscal year 2023, subject 
to the satisfaction of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  
We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, prod uct support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of 
technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property and 
equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer  systems for research and development, sales 
and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support 
growth in our cloud offerings. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corpor ate offices, research and 
development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. We have not engaged in any related party 
transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materia lly affect 
liquidity or the availability of capital resources.  42   
RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE  
Refer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10 -K for further 
discussion.  
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMAT ES  
Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing 
consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities , revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a 
significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of 
operations. We have critical accounting estimate s in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investment 
securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.  
Revenue Recognition  
Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. 
Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for 
separately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud -based service includes both on -premises 
software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered 
distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct  and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized 
over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and 
interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services,  and are accounted for together as one performance 
obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.  
Judgment is required to determine the stand -alone selling price (“SSP”) for each distinc t performance obligation. We use 
a single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on -premises licenses sold with SA or 
software updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sel l each of the 
products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative 
SSP of the various products and services.  
In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell  the product or service separately, we 
determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have 
more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by 
customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and 
geographic region in determining the SSP.  
Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, 
including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.  
Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances 
we estima te customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when 
determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at 
the end of each reporting period i f additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variable 
consideration were not material for the periods presented.  
Impairment of Investment Securities  
We review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. If the cos t of an investment exceeds its fair value, 
we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to 
which the fair value is less than cost. This determination requires significant judgment. I n making this  43 judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in 
evaluating potential impairment of our investments. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the 
financial  health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not 
that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an 
impairment char ge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, 
industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.  
Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment 
indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. We perform a 
qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. We are required to estimate the fair value o f the investment to determine the 
amount of the impairment loss. Once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in 
other income (expense), net.  
Goodwill  
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting uni t expected to benefit from the business combination. We 
evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation 
approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (ope rating segment or one level below an operating 
segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that 
would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value . These events or 
circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, 
competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.  
Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of  
assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of 
each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow 
methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent 
on internal fore casts, estimation of the long -term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which 
cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.  
The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting un it change from year to year based on operating results, 
market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the 
determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.  
Research and Development Costs  
Costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until 
technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, software cost s 
are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when 
technological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our software 
products i s reached after all high -risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this 
occurs shortly before the products are released to production. The amortization of these costs is included in cost of 
revenue over the estimated  life of the products.  
Legal and Other Contingencies       
The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss 
from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an 
asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In 
determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of pr obability of an 
unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could 
materially impact our consolidated financial statements.  44   
Income Taxes  
The objectives of accounting for income taxes  are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current 
year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an 
entity’s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize t he tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more 
likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical 
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial s tatements from such a position are measured based on 
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature 
also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets 
and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment is  
required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized  in our consolidated financial 
statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our 
consolidated financial statements.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, 
and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. Net realizable value is the estimated 
selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and t ransportation. We regularly review inventory quantities on 
hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. These reviews include 
analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, 
and component cost trends. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a 
new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.  
CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING ESTIMATE  
In July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to investments in 
software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in 
technology, we determine d we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four 
years to six years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2023. Based on the carrying 
amount of server and network equipment  included in property and equipment, net as of June  30, 2022, it is estimated this 
change will increase our fiscal year 2023 operating income by $3.7  billion. We had previously increased the estimated 
useful lives of both server and network equipment in Ju ly 2020.  
  45 STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are 
presented in this report. The consolidated financial stat ements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates 
and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America.  
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at 
reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial 
records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountabi lity for assets. These 
systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful 
selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.  
The Company engaged Deloitte  & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the 
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight B oard (United States).  
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets 
periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure th at 
each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte  & 
Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee.  
Satya Nadella  
Chief Executive Officer  
Amy E. Hood  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
Alice L. Jolla  
Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  
  46 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
RISKS  
We are exposed to economic risk from foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, and equity prices. We use 
derivatives instruments to manage these risks, however, they may still im pact our consolidated financial statements.  
Foreign Currencies  
Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign 
currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our fo reign currency positions, including hedges. 
Principal currency exposures include the Euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar.  
Interest Rate  
Securities held in our fixed -income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We 
manage the average maturity of the fixed -income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain global 
fixed -income indices.  
Credit  
Our fixed -income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment -grade securities. We manage credit 
exposures relative to broad -based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification.  
Equity  
Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to price risk.  
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS  
The following table sets forth the potential loss in future earnings or fair values, including associated derivatives, result ing 
from hypothetical changes in relevant market rates or prices:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Risk Categories  Hypothetical Change  June  30, 
2022  Impact  
        
Foreign currency – Revenue  10% decrease in foreign exchange rates  $   (6,822 ) Earnings  
Foreign currency – Investments  10% decrease in foreign exchange rates   (94) Fair Value  
Interest rate  100 basis point increase in U.S. treasury 
interest rates   (2,536 ) Fair Value  
Credit  100 basis point increase in credit spreads   (350) Fair Value  
Equity  10% decrease in equity market prices   (637) Earnings    
  47 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
INCOME STATEMENTS  
  
(In millions, except per share amounts)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Revenue:        
Product  $    72,732   $    71,074   $    68,041   
Service and other   125,538    97,014    74,974         
Total revenue   198,270    168,088    143,015         
Cost of revenue:        
Product   19,064    18,219    16,017   
Service and other   43,586    34,013    30,061         
Total cost of revenue   62,650    52,232    46,078         
Gross margin   135,620    115,856    96,937   
Research and development   24,512    20,716    19,269   
Sales and marketing   21,825    20,117    19,598   
General and administrative   5,900    5,107    5,111         
Operating income   83,383    69,916    52,959   
Other income, net   333   1,186    77        
Income before income taxes   83,716    71,102    53,036   
Provision for income taxes   10,978    9,831    8,755         
Net income  $ 72,738   $ 61,271   $ 44,281           
        
Earnings per share:        
Basic  $ 9.70  $ 8.12  $ 5.82  
Diluted  $ 9.65  $ 8.05  $ 5.76  
        
Weighted average shares outstanding:        
Basic   7,496    7,547    7,610   
Diluted   7,540    7,608    7,683     
Refer to accompanying notes.  
  48 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENTS  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Net income  $   72,738   $  61,271   $   44,281           
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:        
Net change related to derivatives   6   19   (38) 
Net change related to investments   (5,360 )  (2,266 )  3,990   
Translation adjustments and other   (1,146 )  873   (426)       
Other comprehensive income (loss)   (6,500 )  (1,374 )  3,526         
Comprehensive income  $ 66,238   $ 59,897   $ 47,807           
Refer to accompanying notes.  
  49 BALANCE SHEETS  
  
(In millions)        
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Assets      
Current assets:      
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 13,931   $ 14,224   
Short -term investments     90,826      116,110       
Total cash, cash equivalents, and short -term investments   104,757    130,334   
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $633  and $751   44,261    38,043   
Inventories   3,742    2,636   
Other current assets   16,924    13,393       
Total current assets   169,684    184,406   
Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $59,660  and $51,351   74,398    59,715   
Operating lease right -of-use assets   13,148    11,088   
Equity investments   6,891    5,984   
Goodwill   67,524    49,711   
Intangible assets, net   11,298    7,800   
Other long -term assets   21,897    15,075       
Total assets  $     364,840   $ 333,779         
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity      
Current liabilities:      
Accounts payable  $ 19,000   $ 15,163   
Current portion of long -term debt   2,749    8,072   
Accrued compensation   10,661    10,057   
Short -term income taxes   4,067    2,174   
Short -term unearned revenue   45,538    41,525   
Other current liabilities   13,067    11,666       
Total current liabilities   95,082    88,657   
Long -term debt   47,032    50,074   
Long -term income taxes   26,069    27,190   
Long -term unearned revenue   2,870    2,616   
Deferred income taxes   230   198  
Operating lease liabilities   11,489    9,629   
Other long -term liabilities   15,526    13,427       
Total liabilities   198,298    191,791       
Commitments and contingencies      
Stockholders’ equity:      
Common stock and paid -in capital – shares authorized 24,000; outstanding  7,464 and 7,519   86,939    83,111   
Retained earnings   84,281    57,055   
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   (4,678 )  1,822       
Total stockholders’ equity   166,542    141,988       
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity  $ 364,840   $ 333,779         
Refer to accompanying notes.  
  50 CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Operations        
Net income  $    72,738   $   61,271   $   44,281   
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations:        
Depreciation, amortization, and other   14,460    11,686    12,796   
Stock -based compensation expense   7,502    6,118    5,289   
Net recognized gains on investments and derivatives   (409 )  (1,249 )  (219 ) 
Deferred income taxes   (5,702  )  (150)  11  
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:        
Accounts receivable   (6,834  )  (6,481 )  (2,577  ) 
Inventories   (1,123  )  (737)  168  
Other current assets   (709 )  (932)  (2,330  ) 
Other long-term assets   (2,805  )  (3,459 )  (1,037  ) 
Accounts payable   2,943    2,798    3,018   
Unearned revenue   5,109    4,633    2,212   
Income taxes   696   (2,309 )  (3,631  ) 
Other current liabilities   2,344    4,149    1,346   
Other long -term liabilities   825   1,402    1,348         
Net cash from operations   89,035    76,740    60,675         
Financing        
Cash premium on debt exchange   0   (1,754 )  (3,417  ) 
Repayments of debt   (9,023  )  (3,750 )  (5,518  ) 
Common stock issued   1,841    1,693    1,343   
Common stock repurchased   (32,696  )  (27,385 )  (22,968  ) 
Common stock cash dividends paid   (18,135  )  (16,521 )  (15,137  ) 
Other, net   (863 )  (769)  (334 )       
Net cash used in financing   (58,876  )  (48,486 )  (46,031  )       
Investing        
Additions to property and equipment   (23,886  )  (20,622 )  (15,441  ) 
Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of  
intangible and other assets   (22,038  )  (8,909 )  (2,521  ) 
Purchases of investments   (26,456  )  (62,924 )  (77,190  ) 
Maturities of investments   16,451    51,792    66,449   
Sales of investments   28,443    14,008    17,721   
Other, net   (2,825  )  (922)  (1,241  )       
Net cash used in investing   (30,311  )  (27,577 )  (12,223  )       
Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (141 )  (29)  (201 )       
Net change in cash and cash equivalents   (293 )  648   2,220   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period   14,224    13,576    11,356         
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period  $ 13,931   $ 14,224   $ 13,576           
Refer to accompanying notes.  
  51 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY STATEMENTS  
  
(In millions, except per share amounts)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Common stock and paid -in capital        
Balance, beginning of period  $ 83,111   $ 80,552   $    78,520   
Common stock issued   1,841    1,963    1,343   
Common stock repurchased   (5,688 )  (5,539 )  (4,599 ) 
Stock -based compensation expense   7,502    6,118    5,289   
Other, net   173   17   (1)       
Balance, end of period   86,939    83,111    80,552         
Retained earnings        
Balance, beginning of period   57,055    34,566    24,150   
Net income   72,738    61,271    44,281   
Common stock cash dividends   (18,552 )  (16,871 )  (15,483 ) 
Common stock repurchased   (26,960 )  (21,879 )  (18,382 ) 
Cumulative effect of accounting changes   0   (32)  0        
Balance, end of period   84,281    57,055    34,566         
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)        
Balance, beginning of period   1,822    3,186    (340) 
Other comprehensive income (loss)   (6,500 )  (1,374 )  3,526   
Cumulative effect of accounting changes   0   10   0        
Balance, end of period   (4,678 )  1,822    3,186         
Total stockholders’ equity  $  166,542   $   141,988   $  118,304           
        
Cash dividends declared per common share  $ 2.48  $ 2.24  $ 2.04        
Refer to accompanying notes.  
  52 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
Accounting Principles  
Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP ”).  
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. The recast of these prior 
period amounts had no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, consolidated income statements, or consolidated 
cash flows statements .  
Principles of Consolidation  
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries. Intercompany 
transactions and balances have been eliminated.  
Estimates and Assumptions  
Preparing financial statement s requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Examples of estimates and assumptions include: for revenue 
recognition, determining the nature and timing of satisfactio n of performance obligations, and determining the standalone 
selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations, variable consideration, and other obligations such as product returns and 
refunds; loss contingencies; product warranties; the fair value of and/ or potential impairment of goodwill and intangible 
assets for our reporting units; product life cycles; useful lives of our tangible and intangible assets; allowances for doubt ful 
accounts; the market value of, and demand for, our inventory; stock -based co mpensation forfeiture rates; when 
technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of uncertain tax positions that have been 
recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns; and determining the timing and amo unt of impairments 
for investments. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks and 
uncertainties.  
In July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to  investments in 
software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in 
technology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four 
years to six years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2023. We had previously 
increased the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment in July 2020.  
Foreign Currencies  
Assets and liabilities recorded in fo reign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. 
Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments 
resulting from this process are recorded to other comprehen sive income.  
Revenue  
Product Revenue and Service and Other Revenue  
Product revenue includes sales from operating systems, cross -device productivity applications, server applications, 
business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, s oftware development tools, video games, and 
hardware such as PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.  53   
Service and other revenue includes sales from cloud -based solutions that provide customers  with software, services, 
platforms, and content such as Office 365, Azure, Dynamics 365, and Xbox; solution support; and consulting services. 
Service and other revenue also includes sales from online advertising and LinkedIn.  
Revenue Recognition  
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects 
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can 
include various comb inations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as 
separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from 
customers, which are subsequently remit ted to governmental authorities.  
Nature of Products and Services  
Licenses for on -premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available 
to the customer. Customers may purchase perpetual licenses or subscr ibe to licenses, which provide customers with the 
same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Revenue from 
distinct on -premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the softwa re is made available to the 
customer. In cases where we allocate revenue to software updates, primarily because the updates are provided at no 
additional charge, revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the estimat ed life of 
the related device or license.  
Certain volume licensing programs, including Enterprise Agreements, include on -premises licenses combined with 
Software Assurance (“SA”). SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades released over the contract p eriod and 
provides support, tools, and training to help customers deploy and use products more efficiently. On -premises licenses 
are considered distinct performance obligations when sold with SA. Revenue allocated to SA is generally recognized 
ratably over  the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits, given that SA comprises 
distinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time.  
Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period wit hout taking possession of the 
software, are provided on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a 
subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services provide d on a 
consumption basis, such as the amount of storage used in a period, is recognized based on the customer utilization of 
such resources. When cloud services require a significant level of integration and interdependency with software and the 
individual  components are not considered distinct, all revenue is recognized over the period in which the cloud services 
are provided.  
Revenue from search advertising is recognized when the advertisement appears in the search results or when the action 
necessary to  earn the revenue has been completed. Revenue from consulting services is recognized as services are 
provided.  
Our hardware is generally highly dependent on, and interrelated with, the underlying operating system and cannot 
function without the operating system. In these cases, the hardware and software license are accounted for as a single 
performance obligation and revenue is recognized at the point in time when ownership is transferred to resellers or 
directly to end customers through retail stores and online marketplaces.  
Refer to Note 19 – Segment Information and Geographic Data for further information, including revenue by significant 
product and service offering.  
Significant Judgments  
Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. 
Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be  54 accounted for separately versus togethe r may require significant judgment. When a cloud -based service includes both on -
premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is 
considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distin ct and accounted for together with the cloud service and 
recognized over time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, 
interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud service s, and are accounted for together 
as one performance obligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services 
are provided.  
Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We  use a single amount to estimate 
SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on -premises licenses sold with SA or software updates provided at 
no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of the products and s ervices 
separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various 
products and services.  
In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service sepa rately, we 
determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have 
more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by 
customers an d circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and 
geographic region in determining the SSP.  
Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of del ivery, 
including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.  
Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances 
we estimate customer usage of our pro ducts and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when 
determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at 
the end of each reporting period if additional information bec omes available. Changes to our estimated variable 
consideration were not material for the periods presented.  
Contract Balances and Other Receivables  
Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We record a receivabl e when revenue 
is recognized prior to invoicing, or unearned revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. For multi -year 
agreements, we generally invoice customers annually at the beginning of each annual coverage period. We record a 
receiva ble related to revenue recognized for multi -year on -premises licenses as we have an unconditional right to invoice 
and receive payment in the future related to those licenses.  
Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include SA and 
cloud services. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi -year 
agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Unearned revenue also includes payments f or consulting 
services to be performed in the future, LinkedIn subscriptions, Office 365 subscriptions, Xbox subscriptions, Windows 
post-delivery support, Dynamics business solutions, and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn 
the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service.  
Refer to Note 13 – Unearned Revenue for further information, including unearned revenue by segment and changes in 
unearned revenue during the period.  
Payment terms and conditions vary by contrac t type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 
to 60 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined 
our contracts generally do not include a significant finan cing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to 
provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing 
from our customers or to provide customers with financing. Examples in clude invoicing at the beginning of a subscription 
term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period, and multi -year on -premises licenses that are invoiced 
annually with revenue recognized upfront.  55   
As of June  30, 2022 and 2021, other receiv ables due from suppliers were $1.0  billion and $965  million, respectively, and 
are included in accounts receivable, net in our consolidated balance sheets.  
As of June  30, 2022 and 2021, long -term accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts , was $3.8  billion and 
$3.4 billion, respectively, and is included in other long -term assets in our consolidated balance sheets.  
The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable 
balance.  We determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently 
available evidence.  
Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Balance, beginning of period  $    798  $    816  $   434  
Charged to costs and other   157   234   560  
Write -offs  (245 )  (252)  (178 )       
Balance, end of period  $ 710  $ 798  $ 816          
Allowance for doubtful accounts included in our consolidated balance sheets:  
  
(In millions)          
June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts  $    633  $    751  $    788  
Other long -term assets   77   47   28        
Total  $ 710  $ 798  $  816          
We record financing receivables when we offer certain of our customers the option to acquire our software products and 
services offerings through a financing program in a limited number of countries. As of June  30, 2022 and 2021, our 
financing receivables,  net were $4.1  billion and $4.4  billion, respectively, for short -term and long -term financing 
receivables, which are included in other current assets and other long -term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We 
record an allowance to cover expected lo sses based on troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently 
available evidence.  
Assets Recognized from Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer  
We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if w e expect the benefit of those 
costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs meet the requirements to be 
capitalized. Total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were immaterial during the periods presented and are included in 
other current and long -term assets in our consolidated balance sheets.  
We apply a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with a customer when the 
amortization period would have been one year or less . These costs include our internal sales force compensation 
program and certain partner sales incentive programs as we have determined annual compensation is commensurate 
with annual sales activities.  
Cost of Revenue  
Cost of revenue includes: manufacturi ng and distribution costs for products sold and programs licensed; operating costs 
related to product support service centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include software on PCs sold 
by original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”), to d rive traffic to our websites, and to acquire online  56 advertising space; costs incurred to support and maintain online products and services, including datacenter costs and 
royalties; warranty costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with t he delivery of consulting services; and 
the amortization of capitalized software development costs. Capitalized software development costs are amortized over 
the estimated lives of the products.  
Product Warranty  
We provide for the estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and software warranties at the time the 
related revenue is recognized. For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical and projected product 
failure rates, h istorical and projected repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any). The specific 
hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, 
but generally include parts and lab or over a period generally ranging from 90  days to three years. For software warranties, 
we estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches, over the estimated life of the software. We regularly 
reevaluate our estimates to assess the adeq uacy of the recorded warranty liabilities and adjust the amounts as 
necessary.  
Research and Development  
Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock -based compensation expense, and other 
headcount -related expenses associate d with product development. Research and development expenses also include 
third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, 
and the amortization of purchased software code and servi ces content. Such costs related to software development are 
included in research and development expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our 
software products, is generally shortly before the products are released to pr oduction. Once technological feasibility is 
reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products.  
Sales and Marketing  
Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock -based co mpensation expense, and other 
headcount -related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, 
trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was  
$1.5 billion, $1.5  billion, and $1.6  billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.  
Stock -Based Compensation  
Compensation cost for stock awards, which include restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance stock units (“PSUs”), 
is measured  at the fair value on the grant date and recognized as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the related 
service or performance period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the quoted price of our common stock on the 
grant date less the present  value of expected dividends not received during the vesting period. We measure the fair value 
of PSUs using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Compensation cost for RSUs is recognized using the straight -line method 
and for PSUs is recognized using the acceler ated method.  
Compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) is measured as the discount the employee is 
entitled to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of purchase.  
Income Taxes  
Income tax expense includes U.S. and internat ional income taxes, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. 
Certain income and expenses are not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. The tax effect of 
such temporary differences is reported as deferred income ta xes. Deferred tax assets are reported net of a valuation 
allowance when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. All deferred income taxes are classified a s 
long-term in our consolidated balance sheets.  57   
Financial Instruments  
Investments  
We consider all highly liquid interest -earning investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to 
be cash equivalents. The fair values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In general, investments with 
original  maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short -term 
investments. Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short -term based on their highly liquid 
nature and because su ch marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations.  
Debt investments are classified as available -for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific 
identification method. Changes in fair value, excluding credit losses and impairments, are recorded in other 
comprehensive income. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimates 
determined by management. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair v alue, we evaluate, among other factors, general 
market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. To 
determine credit losses, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative 
evidence. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, 
the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be requ ired to sell the security 
before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), 
net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions det eriorate, we 
may incur future impairments.  
Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value. Equity investments without readily 
determinable fair values are measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjus tments for observable 
changes in price or impairments (referred to as the measurement alternative). We perform a qualitative assessment on a 
periodic basis and recognize an impairment if there are sufficient indicators that the fair value of the investment  is less 
than carrying value. Changes in value are recorded in other income (expense), net.  
Derivatives  
Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. The accounting for 
changes in the fair value of a de rivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation.  
For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), 
net with offsetting gains and losses on the hedged  items. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded 
from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net.  
For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are initially reported as a com ponent of 
other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in other income (expense), net with the corresponding hedged 
item. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in 
other income (expense), net.  
For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains and losses from changes in fair values are primarily 
recognized in other income (expense), net.  
Fair Value Measurements  
We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on th e 
extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.  We categorize each of our fair value 
measuremen ts in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
in its entirety. These levels are:  
• Level  1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Ou r 
Level  1 investments include U.S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds.  Our 
Level  1 derivative assets and liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges.  58   
• Level  2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for simila r instruments in active markets, quoted prices for 
identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model -based valuation techniques (e.g. the 
Black -Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by 
observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these 
models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market -based 
observable inputs including interest rate curves, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot 
prices for currencies. Our Level  2 investments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. agency 
securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage - and asset -backe d securities, corporate notes and bonds, 
and municipal securities. Our Level  2 derivative assets and liabilities include certain over -the-counter forward, 
option, and swap contracts.  
• Level  3 – inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect mana gement’s estimates of assumptions that 
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using 
model -based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Our Level  3 
asse ts and liabilities include investments in corporate notes and bonds, municipal securities, and goodwill 
and intangible assets, when they are recorded at fair value due to an impairment charge.  Unobservable 
inputs used in the models are significant to the f air values of the assets and liabilities.  
We measure equity investments without readily determinable fair values on a nonrecurring basis. The fair values of these 
investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information availabl e, and may include quoted 
market prices, market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections.  
Inventories  
Inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor,  
and manufacturing  overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. Net realizable value is the estimated 
selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We regularly review inventory quantities on 
hand, future purchase commitm ents with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our review indicates a 
reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.  
Property and Equipment  
Property and  equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, and depreciated using the straight -line method 
over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. The estimated useful lives of our property and 
equipment are generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for internal use, three to seven years; 
computer equipment, two to four years; buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold improvements, three to 
20 years; and furniture and equipment, one to 10 years. Land is not depreciated.  
Leases  
We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right -of-use 
(“ROU”) assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated  balance sheets. Finance leases 
are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long -term liabilities in our consolidated balance 
sheets.  
ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease l iabilities represent our obligation 
to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at 
commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not  
provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for 
collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU 
asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to 
extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease 
payments is recognized on a straight -line basis  over the lease term.  59   
We have lease agreements with lease and non -lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. For 
certain equipment leases, such as vehicles, we account for the lease and non -lease components as a single lease 
compon ent. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the 
operating lease ROU assets and liabilities.  
Goodwill  
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one lev el below an operating segment) 
on an annual basis (May 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more 
likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  
Intangible Assets  
Our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the straight -line method over their estimated 
period of benefit, ranging from one to 20 years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking 
into account  events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be 
impaired.  
Recent Accounting Guidance  
Accounting for Income Taxes  
In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standa rd to simplify the accounting for 
income taxes. The guidance eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the 
methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period, and the recognition of deferred tax liabil ities for outside 
basis differences related to changes in ownership of equity method investments and foreign subsidiaries. The guidance 
also simplifies aspects of accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the 
accounting for transactions that result in a step -up in the tax basis of goodwill. We adopted the standard effective July  1, 
2021. Adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
NOTE 2 — EARNINGS PER SHARE  
Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock 
outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common 
stock plus the effect of dilutive po tential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. 
Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and stock awards.  
The components of basic and diluted EPS were as follows:  
  
(In millions, except earn ings per share)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Net income available for common shareholders (A)  $  72,738   $ 61,271   $  44,281   
        
Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B)   7,496    7,547    7,610   
Dilutive effect of stock -based awards   44   61   73        
Common stock and common stock equivalents (C)   7,540    7,608    7,683           
        
Earnings Per Share        
        
Basic (A/B)  $ 9.70  $ 8.12  $ 5.82  
Diluted (A/C)  $ 9.65  $ 8.05  $ 5.76    
Anti-dilutive stock -based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods 
presented.  60   
NOTE 3 — OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET  
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Interest and dividends income  $    2,094   $    2,131   $    2,680   
Interest expense   (2,063 )  (2,346  )  (2,591 ) 
Net recognized gains on investments   461   1,232    32  
Net gains (losses) on derivatives   (52)  17   187  
Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements   (75)  54   (191) 
Other, net   (32)  98   (40)       
Total  $ 333  $ 1,186   $ 77          
Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments  
Net recognized gains (losses) on debt investments were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Realized gains from sales of available -for-sale securities  $    162  $      105  $      50  
Realized losses from sales of available -for-sale securities   (138)  (40)  (37 ) 
Impairments and allowance for credit losses   (81)  (2)  (17 )       
Total  $ (57) $ 63  $ (4 )         
Net recognized gains (losses) on equity investments were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Net realized gains on investments sold  $      29  $     123  $      83  
Net unrealized gains on investments still held   509   1,057    69  
Impairments of investments   (20)  (11)  (116)       
Total  $ 518  $ 1,169   $  36          61   
NOTE 4  — INVESTMENTS  
Investment Components  
The components of investments were as follows:  
  
(In millions)  Fair Value  
Level  Adjusted  
Cost  Basis  Unrealized  
Gains  Unrealized  
Losses  Recorded  
Basis  Cash  
and Cash  
Equivalents  Short -term  
Investments  Equity  
Investments    
                  
June  30, 2022                  
                  
Changes in Fair Value Recorded 
in Other Comprehensive 
Income                  
                  
Commercial paper   Level  2  $ 2,500   $ 0  $ 0  $ 2,500   $ 2,498   $ 2  $ 0  
Certificates of deposit   Level  2   2,071    0   0   2,071    2,032    39   0  
U.S. government securities   Level  1   79,696    29   (2,178 )  77,547    9   77,538    0  
U.S. agency securities   Level  2   419   0   (9)  410   0   410   0  
Foreign government bonds   Level  2   506   0   (24)  482   0   482   0  
Mortgage - and asset -backed 
securities   Level  2   727   1   (30)  698   0   698   0  
Corporate notes and bonds   Level  2   11,661    4   (554)  11,111    0   11,111    0  
Corporate notes and bonds   Level  3   67   0   0   67   0   67   0  
Municipal securities   Level  2   368   19   (13)  374   0   374   0  
Municipal securities   Level  3   103   0   (6)  97   0   97   0                
Total debt investments    $   98,118   $   53  $  (2,814 ) $   95,357   $   4,539   $   90,818   $          0                    
                  
Changes in Fair Value Recorded 
in Net Income                  
                  
Equity investments   Level  1        $ 1,590   $ 1,134   $  0  $ 456  
Equity investments   Other          6,435    0   0   6,435           
Total equity investments          $ 8,025   $ 1,134   $ 0  $ 6,891                   
Cash          $ 8,258   $ 8,258   $ 0  $ 0  
Derivatives, net (a)          8   0   8   0          
Total          $ 111,648   $   13,931   $   90,826   $   6,891                     
  
(In millions)  Fair Value  
Level  Adjusted  
Cost  Basis  Unrealized  
Gains  Unrealized  
Losses  Recorded  
Basis  Cash  
and Cash  
Equivalents  Short -term  
Investments  Equity  
Investments    
                  
June  30, 2021                  
                  
Changes in Fair Value Recorded 
in Other Comprehensive 
Income                  
                  
Commercial paper  Level  2  $ 4,316  $ 0  $ 0  $ 4,316   $ 1,331   $ 2,985   $  0  
Certificates of deposit  Level  2   3,615   0   0   3,615    2,920    695   0  
U.S. government securities  Level  1   90,664   3,832    (111)  94,385    1,500    92,885    0  
U.S. agency securities  Level  2   807  2   0   809   0   809   0  
Foreign government bonds  Level  2   6,213   9   (2)  6,220    225   5,995    0  62 (In millions)  Fair Value  
Level  Adjusted  
Cost  Basis  Unrealized  
Gains  Unrealized  
Losses  Recorded  
Basis  Cash  
and Cash  
Equivalents  Short -term  
Investments  Equity  
Investments  
  
                  
June  30, 2021                  
Mortgage - and asset -
backed securities  Level  2   3,442    22   (6)  3,458    0   3,458    0  
Corporate notes and bonds  Level  2   8,443    249   (9)  8,683    0   8,683    0  
Corporate notes and bonds  Level  3   63   0   0   63   0   63   0  
Municipal securities  Level  2   308   63   0   371   0   371   0  
Municipal securities  Level  3   95   0   (7)  88   0   88   0                
Total debt investments    $  117,966   $   4,177   $   (135) $  122,008   $   5,976   $   116,032   $        0                    
                                    
                  
Changes in Fair Value Recorded 
in Net Income                  
                  
Equity investments  Level  1        $ 1,582   $ 976  $  0  $ 606  
Equity investments   Other          5,378    0   0   5,378           
Total equity investments          $ 6,960   $ 976  $ 0  $ 5,984                 
Cash          $ 7,272   $ 7,272   $ 0  $ 0  
Derivatives, net (a)          78   0   78   0          
Total          $ 136,318   $  14,224   $   116,110   $   5,984                     
(a) Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the fair value of our derivative instruments.   
Equity investments presented as “Other” in the tables above include investments without readily determinable fair values 
measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments, 
and investments m easured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient which are not categorized in the fair 
value hierarchy. As of June  30, 2022 and 2021, equity investments without readily determinable fair values measured at 
cost with adjustments for obse rvable changes in price or impairments were $3.8  billion and $3.3  billion, respectively.  
Unrealized Losses on Debt Investments  
Debt investments with continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related 
fair valu es were as follows:  
  
  Less than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater    Total  
Unrealized  
Losses          
(In millions)  Fair Value  Unrealized  
Losses  Fair Value  Unrealized  
Losses  Total  
Fair Value    
              
June  30, 2022              
              
U.S. government and agency 
securities  $ 59,092   $ (1,835 ) $ 2,210   $ (352) $ 61,302    $(2,187 ) 
Foreign government bonds   418   (18)  27   (6)  445   (24) 
Mortgage - and asset -backed 
securities   510   (26)  41   (4)  551   (30) 
Corporate notes and bonds   9,443    (477)  786   (77)  10,229    (554) 
Municipal securities   178   (12)  74   (7)  252   (19)             
Total  $   69,641   $      (2,368 ) $             3,138   $         (446) $   72,779   $       (2,814 )               63   
  
  Less than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater    Total  
Unrealized  
Losses          
(In millions)  Fair Value  Unrealized  
Losses  Fair Value  Unrealized  
Losses  Total  
Fair Value    
June  30, 2021              
              
U.S. government and agency securities  $    5,294   $ (111) $ 0  $ 0  $ 5,294   $         (111) 
Foreign government bonds   3,148    (1)  5   (1 )  3,153    (2 ) 
Mortgage - and asset -backed securities   1,211    (5)  87   (1 )  1,298    (6 ) 
Corporate notes and bonds   1,678    (8)  34   (1 )  1,712    (9 ) 
Municipal securities   58   (7)  1   0   59   (7 )             
Total  $  11,389   $   (132) $   127  $        (3 ) $     11,516   $         (135)               
Unrealized losses from fixed -income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. Management does 
not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence.  
Debt Investment Maturi ties  
  
(In millions)  Adjusted  
Cost  Basis  Estimated  
Fair Value    
      
June  30, 2022      
      
Due in one year or less  $ 26,480   $ 26,470   
Due after one year through five years   52,006    50,748   
Due after five years through 10 years   18,274    16,880   
Due after 10 years   1,358    1,259       
Total  $  98,118   $   95,357         
NOTE 5 — DERIVATIVES  
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to 
enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for holding derivatives include 
reducing, eli minating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. Our 
derivative programs include strategies that both qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.  
Foreign Currencies  
Certain forecasted tr ansactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign 
currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions.  
Foreign currency risks related to certain non -U.S. do llar-denominated investments are hedged using foreign exchange 
forward contracts that are designated as fair value hedging instruments. Foreign currency risks related to certain Euro -
denominated debt are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that  are designated as cash flow hedging 
instruments.  
Certain options and forwards not designated as hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in foreign 
exchange rates on certain balance sheet amounts and to manage other foreign currency ex posures.  
Interest Rate  
Interest rate risks related to certain fixed -rate debt are hedged using interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value 
hedging instruments to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates.  64 Securit ies held in our fixed -income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We 
manage the average maturity of our fixed -income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain broad -
based fixed -income indic es using exchange -traded option and futures contracts and over -the-counter swap and option 
contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables 
below.  
Equity  
Securities held in our equit y investments portfolio are subject to market price risk.  At times, we may hold options, futures, 
and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in 
the tables below.  
Credit  
Our fixed -income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment -grade securities. We use credit default swap 
contracts to manage credit exposures relative to broad -based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. These 
contracts are not design ated as hedging instruments and are included in “Other contracts” in the tables below.  
Credit -Risk -Related Contingent Features  
Certain of our counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and 
outstanding lo ng-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain minimum 
liquidity of $1.0  billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to 
the standard convention related to over -the-counter derivatives. As of June  30, 2022, our long -term unsecured debt rating 
was AAA, and cash investments were in excess of $1.0  billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.  
The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments measured in U.S. dollar 
equivalents:  
  
(In millions)  June  30, 
2022  June  30, 
2021    
      
Designated as Hedging Instruments      
      
Foreign exchange contracts purchased  $ 635  $ 635  
Foreign exchange contracts sold   0   6,081   
Interest rate contracts purchased   1,139    1,247   
      
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments      
      
Foreign exchange contracts purchased     10,322      14,223   
Foreign exchange contracts sold   21,606    23,391   
Other contracts purchased   2,773    2,456   
Other contracts sold   544   763    
Fair Values of Derivative Instruments  
The following table presents our derivative instruments:  
  
(In millions)  Derivative  
Assets  Derivative  
Liabilities  Derivative  
Assets  Derivative  
Liabilities    
      
  June  30, 
2022  June  30, 
2021  
          
Designated as Hedging Instruments          
          
Foreign exchange contracts  $  0  $ (77) $ 76  $   (8) 65 (In millions)  Derivative  
Assets  Derivative  
Liabilities  Derivative  
Assets  Derivative  
Liabilities    
      
  June  30, 
2022  June  30, 
2021  
Interest rate contracts   3   0   40   0  
          
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments          
          
Foreign exchange contracts   333   (362)  227   (291) 
Other contracts   20   (112)  56   (36)         
Gross amounts of derivatives   356   (551)  399   (335) 
Gross amounts of derivatives offset in the balance sheet   (130)  133   (141)  142  
Cash collateral received   0   (75)  0   (42)         
Net amounts of derivatives  $ 226  $ (493) $ 258  $ (235) 
          
          
Reported as          
          
Short -term investments  $ 8  $ 0  $ 78  $ 0  
Other current assets   218   0   137   0  
Other long -term assets   0   0   43   0  
Other current liabilities   0   (298)  0   (182) 
Other long -term liabilities   0   (195)  0   (53)         
Total  $   226  $   (493) $   258  $  (235) 
          
Gross derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements for which we have elected 
to offset were $343  million and $550  million, respectively, as of June  30, 2022, and $395  million and $335  million, 
respectively, as of June  30, 2021.  
The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis:  
  
(In millions)  Level  1 Level  2 Level  3 Total    
          
June  30, 2022          
          
Derivative assets  $       1  $ 349  $      6  $   356  
Derivative liabilities   0   (551)  0   (551 ) 
          
June  30, 2021          
          
Derivative assets   0   396   3   399  
Derivative liabilities   0     (335)  0   (335 )   
Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows:  
  
(In millions)    
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Designated as Fair Value Hedging Instruments        
        
Foreign exchange contracts        
Derivatives  $ 49  $ 193  $ 1  
Hedged items   (50 )  (188 )  3  
Excluded from effectiveness assessment   4   30   139  
Interest rate contracts        
Derivatives   (92 )  (37 )  93  
Hedged items   108   53   (93) 
        
Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments        
        
Foreign exchange contracts        
Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   (79 )  17   0  
        
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments        
        
Foreign exchange contracts   383   27   (123) 
Other contracts   (72 )  9   50        66   
Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements 
were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments        
        
Foreign exchange contracts        
Included in effectiveness assessment  $  (57)   $  34  $   (38)        
NOTE 6  — INVENTORIES  
The components of inventories were as follows:  
  
(In millions)    
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Raw materials  $ 1,144   $ 1,190   
Work in process   82   79  
Finished goods   2,516    1,367       
Total  $   3,742   $   2,636         
NOTE 7 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  
The components of property and equipment were as follows:  
  
(In millions)    
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Land  $ 4,734   $ 3,660   
Buildings and improvements     55,014      43,928   
Leasehold improvements   7,819    6,884   
Computer equipment and software   60,631    51,250   
Furniture and equipment   5,860    5,344       
Total, at cost     134,058    111,066   
Accumulated depreciation   (59,660 )  (51,351 )     
Total, net  $ 74,398   $ 59,715         
During fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, depreciation expense was $12.6  billion, $9.3  billion, and $10.7  billion, 
respectively. We have committed $8.5  billion, primarily related to datacenters, for the construction of new buildings, 
building improvements,  and leasehold improvements as of June  30, 2022.  
NOTE 8 — BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  
Nuance Communications, Inc.  
On March  4, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”) for a total purchase price of 
$18.8  billion, consisting primarily of cash. Nuance is a cloud and artificial intelligence (“AI”) software provider with 
healthcare and e nterprise AI experience, and the acquisition will build on our industry -specific cloud offerings. The 
financial results of Nuance have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. 
Nuance is reported as part of o ur Intelligent Cloud segment.  
The purchase price allocation as of the date of acquisition was based on a preliminary valuation and is subject to revision 
as more detailed analyses are completed and additional information about the fair value of assets acq uired and liabilities 
assumed becomes available.  67   
The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have preliminarily allocated the purchase price were as follows:  
  
(In millions)      
Goodwill (a) $ 16,308   
Intangible assets   4,365   
Other assets   59  
Other liabilities (b)  (1,971 )   
Total  $   18,761       
(a) Goodwill was assigned to our Intelligent Cloud segment and was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are 
expected to be achieved from the integration of Nuance. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for 
income tax purposes.   
(b) Includes $986  million of convertible senior notes issued by Nuance in 2015 and 2017, of which $985  million was 
redeemed prior to June  30, 2022. The remaining $1  million  of notes are redeemable through their respective 
maturity dates and are included in other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of June  30, 2022.  
Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acqui red:  
  
(In millions, except average life)  Amount  Weighted  
Average  Life   
      
Customer -related   $2,610    9 years   
Technology -based   1,540    5 years   
Marketing -related   215   4 years       
Total   $4,365    7 years         
ZeniMax Media Inc.  
On March  9, 2021, we completed our acquisition of ZeniMax Media Inc. (“ZeniMax”), the parent company of Bethesda 
Softworks LLC (“Bethesda”), for a total purchase price of $8.1  billion, consisting primarily of cash. The purchase price 
included $766  million of cash and cash equivalents acquired. Bethesda is one of the largest, privately held game 
developers and publishers in the world, and brings a broad portfolio of games, technology, and talent to Xbox. The 
financial results of ZeniMax h ave been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. 
ZeniMax is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment.  
The allocation of the purchase price to goodwill was completed as of December  31, 2021. The m ajor classes of assets 
and liabilities to which we have allocated the purchase price were as follows:  
  
(In millions)      
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 766  
Goodwill   5,510   
Intangible assets   1,968   
Other assets   121  
Other liabilities   (244 )   
Total  $   8,121       
Goodwill was assigned to our More Personal Computing segment. The goodwill was primarily attributed to increased 
synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of ZeniMax. None of the goodwill is expected to be 
deductible for income tax pu rposes.  
Following are details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired:  
  
(In millions, except average life)  Amount  Weighted  
Average  Life   
      
Technology -based  $  1,341    4 years   
Marketing -related   627   11 years       
Total  $ 1,968    6 years         68   
Activision Blizzard, Inc.  
On January  18, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard”) for 
$95.00 per share in an all -cash transaction valued at $68.7  billion, inclusive of Activision Blizzard’s net cash. Activision 
Blizza rd is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will 
accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud and will provide building blocks for 
the metaverse. The acquisiti on has been approved by Activision Blizzard’s shareholders, and we expect it to close in 
fiscal year 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  
NOTE 9 — GOODWILL  
Changes in the carrying amoun t of goodwill were as follows:  
  
(In millions)  June  30, 
2020  Acquisitions  Other  June  30, 
2021  Acquisitions  Other  June  30, 
2022    
Productivity and Business 
Processes  $ 24,190   $ 0  $ 127  $ 24,317   $ 599  $ (105) $ 24,811   
Intelligent Cloud   12,697    505   54   13,256    16,879  (b)  47  (b)  30,182   
More Personal Computing   6,464    5,556  (a)  118  (a)  12,138    648   (255)  12,531                 
Total  $   43,351   $   6,061   $   299  $   49,711   $   18,126   $   (313)   $   67,524                   
(a) Includes goodwill of $5.5  billion related to ZeniMax. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information.   
(b) Includes goodwill of $16.3  billion related to Nuance. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further information.   
The measurement periods for the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed end as soon as information on the 
facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but do not exceed 12 months. 
Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to goodwill during the periods in 
which the adjustments are determined.  
Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translations and purchase acco unting adjustments 
are presented as “Other” in the table above. Also included in “Other” are business dispositions and transfers between 
segments due to reorganizations, as applicable.  
Goodwill Impairment  
We test goodwill for impairment annually on May  1 at the reporting unit level, primarily using a discounted cash flow 
methodology with a peer -based, risk -adjusted weighted average cost of capital. We believe use of a discounted cash flow 
approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair values of the b usinesses.  
No instances of impairment were identified in our May  1, 2022, May  1, 2021, or May  1, 2020 tests. As of June  30, 2022 
and 2021, accumulated goodwill impairment was $11.3  billion.  
NOTE 10  — INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
The components of intangible assets, all of which are finite -lived, were as follows:  
  
(In millions)  Gross  
Carrying  
Amount  Accumulated  
Amortization  Net Carrying  
Amount  Gross  
Carrying  
Amount  Accumulated  
Amortization  Net Carrying  
Amount    
              
June  30,     2022      2021  
              
Technology -based  $ 11,277   $ (6,958 ) $ 4,319   $ 9,779   $ (7,007 ) $ 2,772   
Customer -related   7,342    (3,171 )  4,171    4,958    (2,859 )  2,099   
Marketing -related   4,942    (2,143 )  2,799    4,792    (1,878 )  2,914   
Contract -based   16   (7)  9   446   (431)  15              
Total  $   23,577 (a) $   (12,279)   $  11,298   $   19,975   (b) $   (12,175)   $   7,800                 
 69 (a) Includes intangible assets of $4.4  billion related to Nuance. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further 
information.   
(b) Includes intangible assets of $2.0  billion related to ZeniMax. See Note 8 – Business Combinations for further 
information.   
No material impairments of intangible assets were identifie d during fiscal years 2022, 2021, or 2020. We estimate that we 
have no significant residual value related to our intangible assets.  
The components of intangible assets acquired during the periods presented were as follows:  
  
(In millions)  Amount  Weighted  
Average  Life Amount  Weighted  
Average  Life   
          
Year Ended June  30, 2022    2021    
          
Technology -based  $ 2,611    4 years   $ 1,628    4 years   
Customer -related  2,837  9 years  96 4 years  
Marketing -related  233 4 years  625 6 years  
Contract -based  0 0 years  10 3 years          
Total  $ 5,681    7 years   $  2,359    5 years             
Intangible assets amortization expense was $2.0  billion, $1.6  billion, and $1.6  billion for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 
2020, respectively.  
The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of Jun e 30, 
2022:  
  
(In millions)      
    
Year Ending June  30,   
    
2023  $ 2,654   
2024   2,385   
2025   1,631   
2026   1,227   
2027   809  
Thereafter   2,592     
Total  $ 11,298       
NOTE 11  — DEBT  
The components of debt were as follows:  
        
(In millions, issuance by calendar year)  Maturities  
(calendar  year)  Stated Interest  
Rate  Effective  Interest  
Rate  June  30, 
2022  June  30, 
2021    
2009 issuance of $3.8  billion (a)  2039    5.20%    5.24%   $ 520  $ 520  
2010 issuance of $4.8  billion (a)  2040    4.50%    4.57%    486   486  
2011 issuance of $2.3  billion (a)  2041    5.30%    5.36%    718   718  
2012 issuance of $2.3  billion (a)  2022 –2042    2.13% –3.50%    2.24% –3.57%    1,204    1,204   
2013 issuance of $5.2  billion (a)  2023 –2043    2.38% –4.88%    2.47% –4.92%    2,814    2,814   
2013 issuance of €4.1 billion   2028 –2033    2.63% –3.13%    2.69% –3.22%    2,404    4,803   
2015 issuance of $23.8  billion (a)  2022 –2055    2.65% –4.75%    2.72% –4.78%    10,805    12,305   
2016 issuance of $19.8  billion (a)  2023 –2056    2.00% –3.95%    2.10% –4.03%    9,430    12,180   
2017 issuance of $17.0  billion (a)  2024 –2057    2.88% –4.50%    3.04% –4.53%    8,945    10,695   
2020 issuance of $10.0  billion (a)  2050 –2060    2.53% –2.68%    2.53% –2.68%    10,000    10,000   
2021 issuance of $8.2  billion (a)  2052 –2062    2.92% –3.04%    2.92% –3.04%    8,185    8,185       
Total face value     55,511    63,910   70       
(In millions, issuance by calendar year)  Maturities  
(calendar  year)  Stated Interest  
Rate  Effective  Interest  
Rate  June  30, 
2022  June  30, 
2021    
Unamortized discount and issuance costs         (471)  (511) 
Hedge fair value adjustments (b)        (68)  40  
Premium on debt exchange (a)        (5,191 )  (5,293 )     
Total debt     49,781    58,146   
Current portion of long -term debt         (2,749 )  (8,072 )     
Long -term debt    $  47,032   $  50,074               
(a) In March 2021 and June 2020, we exchanged a portion of our existing debt at a premium for cash and new debt with 
longer maturities. The premiums are amortized over the terms of the new debt.   
(b) Refer to Note 5 – Derivatives for further information on the interest rate swaps related to fixed -rate debt.   
As of June  30, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of long -term debt, including the current portion, was $50.9  billion 
and $70.0  billion, respectively. The estimated fair values are based on Level  2 inputs.  
Debt in the table above is comprised of senior unsecured obligations and ranks equally with our other outstanding 
obligations. Interest is paid semi -annually, except for the Euro -denomin ated debt, which is paid annually. Cash paid for 
interest on our debt for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $1.9  billion, $2.0  billion, and $2.4  billion, respectively.  
The following table outlines maturities of our long -term debt, including the current  portion, as of June  30, 2022:  
  
(In millions)      
    
Year Ending June  30,   
    
2023  $ 2,750   
2024   5,250   
2025   2,250   
2026   3,000   
2027   8,000   
Thereafter   34,261     
Total  $   55,511       
NOTE 12  — INCOME TAXES  
Provision for Income Taxes  
The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows:  
  
(In millions)    
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Current Taxes        
        
U.S. federal  $ 8,329   $ 3,285   $ 3,537   
U.S. state and local   1,679    1,229    763  
Foreign   6,672    5,467    4,444         
Current taxes  $   16,680   $   9,981   $    8,744   
        
Deferred Taxes        
        
U.S. federal  $ (4,815 ) $ 25  $ 58  
U.S. state and local   (1,062 )  (204)  (6) 
Foreign   175   29   (41)       
Deferred taxes  $ (5,702 ) $ (150) $ 11        
Provision for income taxes  $ 10,978   $ 9,831   $ 8,755           71   
U.S. and foreign components of income before income taxes were as follows:  
  
(In millions)    
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
U.S. $ 47,837   $ 34,972   $ 24,116   
Foreign   35,879    36,130    28,920         
Income before income taxes  $   83,716   $   71,102   $   53,036           
Effective Tax Rate  
The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate and our 
effective rate were as follows:  
  
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Federal statutory rate   21.0%    21.0%    21.0%   
Effect of:        
Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates  (1.3)%    (2.7)%    (3.7)%   
Impact of intangible property transfers  (3.9)%    0%   0%  
Foreign -derived intangible income deduction  (1.1)%    (1.3)%    (1.1)%   
State income taxes, net of federal benefit   1.4%    1.4%    1.3%   
Research and development credit  (0.9)%    (0.9)%    (1.1)%   
Excess tax benefits relating to stock -based compensation  (1.9)%    (2.4)%    (2.2)%   
Interest, net   0.5%    0.5%    1.0%   
Other reconciling items, net  (0.7)%    (1.8)%    1.3%         
Effective rate   13.1%    13.8%    16.5%           
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we transferred certain intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the  
U.S. The transfer of intangible properties resulted in a $3.3  billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 
2022, as the value of future U.S. tax deductions exceeds the current tax liability from the U.S. global intangible low -taxed 
income (“GILTI”) tax.  
We have historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales through distributor withholding and tax a udit 
assessments in India. In March 2021, the India Supreme Court ruled favorably in the case of Engineering Analysis Centre 
of Excellence Private Limited vs The Commissioner of Income Tax for companies in 86 separate appeals, some dating 
back to 2012, hol ding that software sales are not subject to India withholding taxes. Although we were not a party to the 
appeals, our software sales in India were determined to be not subject to withholding taxes. Therefore, we recorded a net 
income tax benefit of $620  million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the results of the India Supreme Court 
decision impacting fiscal year  1996  through fiscal year  2016.  
The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal year 2022 is primarily due to the net inc ome tax benefit related to the 
transfer of intangible properties, earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and 
distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland, and tax benefits relating to 
stock -based compensation. The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal year 2021 is primarily due to earnings 
taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services t hrough our 
foreign regional operations centers in Ireland and Puerto Rico, tax benefits relating to stock -based compensation, and tax 
benefits from the India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes. The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fisca l 
year 2020 is primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributin g 
our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in Ireland and Puerto Rico, and tax benefits 
relating  to stock -based compensation. In fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, our foreign regional operating centers in 
Ireland and Puerto Rico, which are taxed at rates lower than the U.S. rate, generated 71%, 82%, and 86% of our foreign 
income before tax. Other re conciling items, net  72 consists primarily of tax credits and GILTI tax, and in fiscal year 2021, includes tax benefits from the India Supreme Court 
decision on withholding taxes. In fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were no individually significant other reconciling 
items.  
The decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to a $3.3  billion 
net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 related to the transfer of intangible properties, offset in p art by  
changes in the mix of our income before income taxes between the U.S. and foreign countries, as well as tax benefits in 
the prior year from the India Supreme Court decision on withholding taxes, an agreement between the U.S. and India tax 
authorities rela ted to transfer pricing, and final Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) regulations. The decrease in our effective 
tax rate for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to tax benefits from the India Supreme Court 
decision on withholding t axes, an agreement between the U.S. and India tax authorities related to transfer pricing, final 
TCJA regulations, and an increase in tax benefits relating to stock -based compensation.  
The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:  
  
(In millions)        
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Deferred Income Tax Assets      
      
Stock -based compensation expense  $ 601  $ 502  
Accruals, reserves, and other expenses   2,874    2,960   
Loss and credit carryforwards   1,546    1,090   
Amortization   10,656    6,346   
Leasing liabilities   4,557    4,060   
Unearned revenue   2,876    2,659   
Other   461   319      
Deferred income tax assets   23,571    17,936   
Less valuation allowance   (1,012 )  (769)     
Deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance  $    22,559   $    17,167       
      
Deferred Income Tax Liabilities      
      
Book/tax basis differences in investments and debt  $ (174) $ (2,381 ) 
Leasing assets   (4,291 )  (3,834 ) 
Depreciation   (1,602 )  (1,010 ) 
Deferred tax on foreign earnings   (3,104 )  (2,815 ) 
Other   (103)  (144)     
Deferred income tax liabilities  $ (9,274 ) $ (10,184 )     
Net deferred income tax assets  $ 13,285   $ 6,983         
      
Reported As      
      
Other long-term assets  $ 13,515   $ 7,181   
Long -term deferred income tax liabilities   (230)  (198)     
Net deferred income tax assets  $ 13,285   $ 6,983         
Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are paid or 
recovered.  
As of J une 30, 2022, we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $318  million, $1.3  billion, and 
$2.1 billion, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in various years from fiscal 
2023 through 20 42, if not utilized. The majority of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. Certain 
acquired net operating loss carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation but are expected to be realized  73 with the exception of those which have a valuation allowance. As of June  30, 2022, we had $1.3  billion federal capital loss 
carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes from our acquisition of Nuance. The federal capital loss carryforwards are subject to 
an annual limitation and will expire in various y ears from fiscal 2023 through 2025.  
The valuation allowance disclosed in the table above relates to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards, federal 
capital loss carryforwards, and other net deferred tax assets that may not be realized.  
Income taxes  paid, net of refunds, were $16.0  billion, $13.4  billion, and $12.5  billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
respectively.  
Uncertain Tax Positions  
Gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions as of June  30, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , were 
$15.6  billion, $14.6  billion, and $13.8  billion, respectively, which were primarily included in long -term income taxes in our 
consolidated balance sheets. If recognized, the resulting tax benefit would affect our effective tax rates for fiscal years  
2022, 2021, and 2020 by $13.3  billion, $12.5  billion, and $12.1  billion, respectively.  
As of June  30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had accrued interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $4.3  billion, 
$4.3 billion, and $4.0  billion, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The provision for income taxes for fiscal years 2022, 
2021, and 2020 included interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $36  million, $274  million, and $579  million, 
respectively, net of income tax benefits.  
The agg regate changes in the gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Beginning unrecognized tax benefits  $ 14,550   $ 13,792   $ 13,146   
Decreases related to settlements   (317)  (195)  (31) 
Increases for tax positions related to the current year   1,145    790   647  
Increases for tax positions related to prior years   461   461   366  
Decreases for tax positions related to prior years   (246)  (297)  (331) 
Decreases due to lapsed statutes of limitations   0   (1)  (5)       
Ending unrecognized tax benefits  $   15,593   $   14,550   $  13,792           
We settled a portion of the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. In 
February 2012, the IRS withdrew its 2011 Revenue Agents Report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 
and reopened the au dit phase of the examination. We also settled a portion of the IRS audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in 
fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the IRS audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. In the second quarter of 
fiscal year 2021, we settled an  additional portion of the IRS audits for tax years 2004 to 2013 and made a payment of 
$1.7 billion, including tax and interest. We remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2017.  
As of June  30, 2022, the primary unresolved issues for the IRS audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a 
material impact in our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. We believe our allowances for 
income tax contingenc ies are adequate. We have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved key transfer 
pricing issues and do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months.  Based on the information 
currently available, we do not anticipate a sig nificant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within 
the next 12 months.  
We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S. Our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject 
to examination for tax years 1996  to 2021, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution 
of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.  74   
NOTE 13 — UNEARNED REVENUE  
Unearned revenue by segment was as fo llows:  
  
(In millions)        
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Productivity and Business Processes  $ 24,558   $ 22,120   
Intelligent Cloud   19,371    17,710   
More Personal Computing   4,479    4,311       
Total  $   48,408   $   44,141         
Changes in unearned revenue were as follows:  
  
(In millions)      
    
Year Ended June  30, 2022    
    
Balance, beginning of period  $ 44,141   
Deferral of revenue   110,455   
Recognition of unearned revenue   (106,188 )   
Balance, end of period  $   48,408       
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be 
invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $193  billion as of June  30, 2022, of which $189  billion is 
related to  the commercial portion of revenue. We expect to recognize approximately 45% of this revenue over the next 12 
months and the remainder thereafter.  
NOTE 14  — LEASES  
We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft 
Experience Centers, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 year to 19 years, some of which 
include options to  extend the leases for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within 1 
year.  
The components of lease expense were as follows:  
  
(In millions)      
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Operating lease cost  $   2,461   $   2,127   $   2,043           
Finance lease cost:        
Amortization of right -of-use assets  $ 980  $ 921  $ 611  
Interest on lease liabilities   429   386   336        
Total finance lease cost  $ 1,409   $ 1,307   $ 947          75   
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:  
  
(In millions)      
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:        
Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  2,368   $   2,052   $   1,829   
Operating cash flows from finance leases   429   386   336  
Financing cash flows from finance leases   896   648   409  
        
Right -of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:        
Operating leases   5,268    4,380    3,677   
Finance leases   4,234    3,290    3,467     
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:  
  
(In millions, except lease term and discount rate)        
      
June  30, 2022  2021  
      
Operating Leases      
      
Operating lease right -of-use assets  $     13,148   $    11,088         
Other current liabilities  $ 2,228   $ 1,962   
Operating lease liabilities   11,489    9,629       
Total operating lease liabilities  $ 13,717   $ 11,591         
      
Finance Leases      
      
Property and equipment, at cost  $ 17,388   $ 14,107   
Accumulated depreciation   (3,285 )  (2,306 )     
Property and equipment, net  $ 14,103   $ 11,801         
Other current liabilities  $ 1,060   $ 791  
Other long -term liabilities   13,842    11,750       
Total finance lease liabilities  $ 14,902   $ 12,541         
      
Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term      
      
Operating leases   8 years    8 years   
Finance leases   12 years    12 years   
      
Weighted Average Discount Rate      
      
Operating leases   2.1%    2.2%   
Finance leases   3.1%    3.4%     
The following table outlines maturities of our lease liabilities as of June  30, 2022:  
  
(In millions)        
      
Year Ending June  30, Operating  
Leases  Finance  
Leases  
      
2023  $ 2,456   $ 1,477   
2024   2,278    1,487   
2025   1,985    1,801   
2026   1,625    1,483   
2027   1,328    1,489   
Thereafter   5,332    9,931       
Total lease payments   15,004    17,668   
Less imputed interest   (1,287  )  (2,766 )     
Total  $     13,717   $   14,902         76   
As of June  30, 2022, we have additional operating and finance leases, primarily for datacenters, that have not yet 
commenced of $7.2  billion and $8.8  billion, respectively. These operating and finance leases will commence between 
fiscal year 2023 and fisca l year 2028 with lease terms of 1 year to 18 years.  
NOTE 15 — CONTINGENCIES  
Antitrust Litigation and Claims  
China State Administration for Market Regulation Investigation  
In 2014, Microsoft was informed that China’s State Agency for Market Regulation ( “SAMR”) (formerly State Administration 
for Industry and Commerce) had begun a formal investigation relating to China’s Anti -Monopoly Law, and the SAMR 
conducted onsite inspections of Microsoft offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Chengdu. In 2019, the SAMR 
presented preliminary views as to certain possible violations of China’s Anti -Monopoly Law.  
Product -Related Litigation  
U.S. Cell Phone Litigation  
Microsoft Mobile Oy, a subsidiary of Microsoft, along with other handset manufacturers and network  operators, is a 
defendant in 46 lawsuits, including 45 lawsuits filed in the Superior Court for the District of Columbia by individual plaint iffs 
who allege that radio emissions from cellular handsets caused their brain tumors and other adverse health eff ects. We 
assumed responsibility for these claims in our agreement to acquire Nokia’s Devices and Services business and have 
been substituted for the Nokia defendants. Nine of these cases were filed in 2002 and are consolidated for certain pre -trial 
proceed ings; the remaining cases are stayed. In a separate 2009 decision, the Court of Appeals for the District of 
Columbia held that adverse health effect claims arising from the use of cellular handsets that operate within the U.S. 
Federal Communications Commis sion radio frequency emission guidelines (“FCC Guidelines”) are pre -empted by federal 
law. The plaintiffs allege that their handsets either operated outside the FCC Guidelines or were manufactured before the 
FCC Guidelines went into effect. The lawsuits al so allege an industry -wide conspiracy to manipulate the science and 
testing around emission guidelines.  
In 2013, the defendants in the consolidated cases moved to exclude the plaintiffs’ expert evidence of general causation on 
the basis of flawed scientif ic methodologies. In 2014, the trial court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’ 
motion to exclude the plaintiffs’ general causation experts. The defendants filed an interlocutory appeal to the District of 
Columbia Court of Appeals challenging  the standard for evaluating expert scientific evidence. In October 2016, the Court 
of Appeals issued its decision adopting the standard advocated by the defendants and remanding the cases to the trial 
court for further proceedings under that standard. The  plaintiffs have filed supplemental expert evidence, portions of which 
the defendants have moved to strike. In August 2018, the trial court issued an order striking portions of the plaintiffs’ 
expert reports. A hearing on general causation is scheduled for  September of 2022.  
Other Contingencies  
We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our 
business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not 
have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent 
uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future.  
As of June  30, 2022, we accrued aggrega te legal liabilities of $364  million. While we intend to defend these matters 
vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $600  million in aggregate beyond recorded 
amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes  to occur, there exists the possibility of a material 
adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable.  77   
NOTE 16  — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
Shares Outstanding  
Shares of common stock outstanding were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Balance, beginning of year   7,519    7,571    7,643   
Issued   40   49   54  
Repurchased   (95)  (101)  (126)       
Balance, end of year   7,464    7,519    7,571           
Share Repurchases  
On September  20, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in December 2016 and was completed in February 2020.  
On September  18, 2019, our  Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in February 2020 and was completed in November 2021.  
On September  14, 2021, our Board of Directors approv ed a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0  billion in 
share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021, following completion of the program 
approved on September  18, 2019, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June  30, 2022, 
$40.7  billion remained of this $60.0  billion share repurchase program.  
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:  
  
(In millions)  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount    
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
              
First Quarter   21  $ 6,200    25  $ 5,270    29  $ 4,000   
Second Quarter   20   6,233    27   5,750    32   4,600   
Third Quarter   26   7,800    25   5,750    37   6,000   
Fourth Quarter   28   7,800    24   6,200    28   5,088               
Total   95  $ 28,033    101  $ 22,970    126  $19,688                 
All repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during the fourth and third quarters of fiscal year 
2022 were under the share repurchase program approved on September  14, 2021. Shares repurchased during the 
second quarter of fiscal year 2022 were under the share repurchase programs approved on both September  14, 2021 and 
September  18, 2019. Shares repurchased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, fiscal year 2021, and the fourth 
quarter of fiscal year 2020 were under the share rep urchase program approved on September  18, 2019. Shares 
repurchased during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 were under the share repurchase programs approved on both 
September  20, 2016 and September  18, 2019. All other shares repurchased were under the  share repurchase program 
approved on September  20, 2016. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding 
related to the vesting of stock awards of $4.7  billion, $4.4  billion, and $3.3  billion for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and  2020, 
respectively.  78   
Dividends  
Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:  
  
Declaration Date    Record Date  Payment  Date  Dividend  
Per Share  Amount    
            
Fiscal Year 2022          (In millions)  
            
September  14, 2021     November  18, 2021    December  9, 2021   $ 0.62  $ 4,652   
December  7, 2021     February  17, 2022    March  10, 2022    0.62   4,645   
March  14, 2022     May 19, 2022    June  9, 2022    0.62   4,632   
June  14, 2022     August  18, 2022    September  8, 2022    0.62   4,627       
Total        $   2.48  $   18,556               
            
Fiscal Year 2021            
            
September  15, 2020     November  19, 2020    December  10, 2020   $ 0.56  $ 4,230   
December  2, 2020     February  18, 2021    March  11, 2021    0.56   4,221   
March  16, 2021     May 20, 2021    June  10, 2021    0.56   4,214   
June  16, 2021     August  19, 2021    September  9, 2021    0.56   4,206       
Total    
    $ 2.24  $ 16,871               
The dividend declared on June  14, 2022 was included in other current liabilities as of June  30, 2022.  
NOTE 17 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by c omponent:  
  
(In millions)      
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Derivatives        
        
Balance, beginning of period  $ (19) $ (38) $ 0  
Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $(15) , $9, and $(10)   (57)  34   (38) 
Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in other income (expense), net   79   (17)  0  
Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes   (16)  2   0        
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   63   (15)  0        
Net change related to derivatives, net of tax of $1, $7, and $(10)   6   19   (38)       
Balance, end of period  $ (13) $ (19) $ (38)       
        
Investments        
        
Balance, beginning of period  $ 3,222   $ 5,478   $ 1,488   
Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $(1,440) , $(589), and $1,057   (5,405 )  (2,216 )  3,987   
Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in other income (expense), net   57   (63)  4  
Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes   (12)  13   (1)       
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   45   (50)  3        
Net change related to investments, net of tax of $(1,428) , $(602), and $1,058   (5,360 )  (2,266 )  3,990   
Cumulative effect of accounting changes   0   10   0        
Balance, end of period  $ (2,138 ) $ 3,222   $ 5,478     
        
 79  
(In millions)  
 
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Translation Adjustments and Other        
        
Balance, beginning of period  $ (1,381 ) $(2,254 ) $(1,828 ) 
Translation adjustments and other, net of tax of $0, $(9), and $1   (1,146 )  873   (426)       
Balance, end of period  $ (2,527 ) $(1,381 ) $(2,254 )       
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), end of period  $ (4,678 ) $ 1,822   $ 3,186           
NOTE 18 — EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS  
We grant stock -based compensation to employees and directors. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of 
shares generally become available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of Microsoft common stock to 
satisfy vesting of awards granted under our stock plans. We also have an ESPP for all eligible employees.  
Stock -based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Stock -based compensation expense  $7,502   $ 6,118   $ 5,289   
Income tax benefits related to stock -based compensation   1,293    1,065    938    
Stock Plans  
Stock awards entitle the holder to receive shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Stock awards generally 
vest over a service period of four years or five years.  
Executive Incentive Plan  
Under the Executive Incentive Plan, the Compensation C ommittee approves stock awards to executive officers and 
certain senior executives. RSUs generally vest ratably over a service period of four years. PSUs generally vest over a 
performance period of three years. The number of shares the PSU holder receives is based on the extent to which the 
corresponding performance goals have been achieved.  
Activity for All Stock Plans  
The fair value of stock awards was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:  
  
        
Year ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)  $   0.56 –  0.62  $   0.51 – 0.56  $ 0.46 – 0.51  
Interest rates   0.03%  – 3.6%    0.01%  – 1.5%    0.1%  – 2.2%     80   
During fiscal year 2022, the following activity occurred under our stock plans:  
  
Shares  Weighted  
Average  
Grant -Date  
Fair Value    
(In millions)    
  
Stock Awards  
      
Nonvested balance, beginning of year   100  $ 152.51   
Granted (a)  50   291.22   
Vested   (47)  143.10   
Forfeited   (10)  189.88       
Nonvested balance, end of year   93  $ 227.59         
(a) Includes 1  million, 2  million, and 2  million of PSUs granted at target and performance adjustments above target 
levels for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.   
As of June  30, 2022, there was approximately $16.7  billion of total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock 
awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of three  years. The weighted 
average grant -date fair value of stock awards granted was $291.22, $221.13, and $140.49 for fiscal years 2022, 2021, 
and 2020, respectively. The fair value of stock awards vested was $14.1  billion, $13.4  billion, and $10.1  billion, for  fiscal 
years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of June  30, 2022, an aggregate of 211  million shares were authorized for 
future grant under our stock plans.  
Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
We have an ESPP for all eligible employees. Shares of our commo n stock may be purchased by employees at three -
month intervals at 90% of the fair market value on the last trading day of each three -month period. Employees may 
purchase shares having a value not exceeding 15% of their gross compensation during an offering  period. Under the 
terms of the ESPP that were approved in 2012, the plan was set to terminate on December  31, 2022. At our 2021 Annual 
Shareholders Meeting, our shareholders approved a successor ESPP with a January  1, 2022 effective date and ten -year 
expiration of December  31, 2031. No additional shares were requested at this meeting.  
Employees purchased the following shares during the periods presented:  
  
(Shares in millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Shares purchased   7   8   9  
Average price per share  $  259.55   $  207.88   $  142.22     
As of June  30, 2022, 81  million shares of our common stock were reserved for future issuance through the ESPP.  
Savings Plans  
We have savings plans in the U.S. that qualify under Section  401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, and a number of 
savings plans i n international locations. Eligible U.S. employees may contribute a portion of their salary into the savings 
plans, subject to certain limitations. We match a portion of each dollar a participant contributes into the plans. Employer -
funded retirement benef its for all plans were $1.4  billion, $1.2  billion, and $1.0  billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
respectively, and were expensed as contributed.  81   
NOTE 19  — SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA  
In its operation of the business, management, i ncluding our chief operating decision maker, who is also our Chief 
Executive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements prepared 
on a basis not consistent with GAAP. During the periods presented,  we reported our financial performance based on the 
following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing.  
Our reportable segments are described below.  
Productivity and Business Processes  
Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, 
communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:  
• Office Commercial  (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion of Microsoft 365 Commercial 
subscriptions, and Office licensed on -premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, 
Office 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft Viva.  
• Office Cons umer, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on -premises, and other 
Office services.  
• LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.  
• Dynamics business solutions, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud -based 
applications across ERP, CRM, Customer Insights, Pow er Apps, and Power Automate; and on -premises ERP 
and CRM applications.  
Intelligent Cloud  
Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that can 
power modern business and developers. This segm ent primarily comprises:  
• Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services; SQL Server, Windows Server, 
Visual Studio, System Center, and related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”); and Nuance and GitHub.  
• Enterprise Services, including Enterprise Support Services, Microsoft Consulting Services, and Nuance 
professional services.  
More Personal Computing  
Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the 
experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:  
• Windows, including Windows OEM licensing and other non -volume licensing of the Windows operating 
system; Windows Commercial, comprising volume licensing of the Windows operating system, Windows 
cloud ser vices, and other Windows commercial offerings; patent licensing; and Windows Internet of Things.  
• Devices, including Surface and PC accessories.  
• Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first - and third -party content 
(including games and in -game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, 
third-party disc royalties, advertising, and other cloud services.  
• Search and news advertising.  
Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of our 
business, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue from 
certain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the u nderlying products and services, 
which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profit 
margin. Cost of revenue is allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Opera ting expenses that 
are allocated primarily include those relating to marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefit 
and are generally allocated based on relative gross margin.  82   
In addition, certain costs incurred at a corporate level that are identifiable and that benefit our segments are allocated to 
them. These allocated costs include legal, including settlements and fines, information technology, human resources, 
finance, excise taxes, field selling, shared facilities services , and customer service and support. Each allocation is 
measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated.  
Segment revenue and operating income were as follows during the periods presented:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Revenue        
        
Productivity and Business Processes  $ 63,364   $ 53,915   $ 46,398   
Intelligent Cloud   75,251    60,080    48,366   
More Personal Computing   59,655    54,093    48,251         
Total  $  198,270   $    168,088   $    143,015           
  
Operating Income  
        
Productivity and Business Processes  $ 29,687   $ 24,351   $ 18,724   
Intelligent Cloud   32,721    26,126    18,324   
More Personal Computing   20,975    19,439    15,911         
Total  $ 83,383   $ 69,916   $ 52,959           
No sales to an individual customer or country other than the United States accounted for more than 10% of revenue for 
fiscal years 2022, 2021, or 2020. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers were located, 
was as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
United States (a) $ 100,218   $ 83,953   $ 73,160   
Other countries   98,052    84,135    69,855         
Total  $ 198,270   $ 168,088   $ 143,015           
(a) Includes billings to OEMs and certain multinational organizations because of the nature of these businesses and the 
impracticability of determining the geographic source of the revenue.  
Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was  as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
Year Ended June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
Server products and cloud services  $ 67,321   $ 52,589   $ 41,379   
Office products and cloud services   44,862    39,872    35,316   
Windows   24,761    22,488    21,510   
Gaming   16,230    15,370    11,575   
LinkedIn   13,816    10,289    8,077   
Search and news advertising   11,591    9,267    8,524   
Enterprise Services   7,407    6,943    6,409   
Devices   6,991    6,791    6,457   
Other   5,291    4,479    3,768         
Total  $   198,270   $  168,088   $   143,015           
We have recast certain previously reported amounts in the table above to conform to the way we internally manage and 
monitor our business.  83   
Our Microsoft Cloud (formerly commercial cloud) revenue, which includes Azure and other cloud services, Office 36 5 
Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties, was $91.2  billion, 
$69.1  billion and $51.7  billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These amounts are primarily included in 
Server pro ducts and cloud services, Office products and cloud services, and LinkedIn in the table above.  
Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and depreciation is 
included with various other costs in an  overhead allocation to each segment. It is impracticable for us to separately 
identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment profit or loss.  
Long -lived assets, excluding financial instruments an d tax assets, classified by the location of the controlling statutory 
company and with countries over 10% of the total shown separately, were as follows:  
  
(In millions)          
        
June  30, 2022  2021  2020  
        
United States  $ 106,430   $ 76,153   $ 60,789   
Ireland   15,505    13,303    12,734   
Other countries   44,433    38,858    29,770         
Total  $   166,368   $   128,314   $   103,293           
  84 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation  
Opinion on the Financial Statements  
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and  subsidiaries (the 
“Company”) as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash 
flows, and stockholders’ equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022, and the related notes 
(collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all materia l 
respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its 
cash flow s for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America.  
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight  Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway  Commission and our report dated July 28, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting.  
Basis for Opinion  
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibili ty is to express an 
opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable as surance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fra ud, and performing procedures that respond to those 
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used a nd significant estimates made 
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits 
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
Critical Audit Matters  
The critical audit matters communicated  below are matters arising from the current -period audit of the financial statements 
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or 
disclosures that are material to the financial statements a nd (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex 
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, 
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical aud it matters below, providing separate opinions on the 
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.  85   
Revenue Recognition – Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements   
Critical Audit Matter Description  
The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount 
that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services.  The Company 
offers customers the ability to acquire multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud -based services, 
in its customer agreements through its volume licensing programs.  
Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in  determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, 
and includes the following:  
• Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be 
accounted for separately versus together, such as s oftware licenses and related services that are sold with cloud -
based services.  
• The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation.  
• Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impa ct the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e.g., 
variable consideration, optional purchases, and free services).  
• Determination of stand -alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that 
are not sold se parately.  
Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management’s judgments 
in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor 
judgmen t.  
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit  
Our principal audit procedures related to the Company’s revenue recognition for these customer agreements included the 
following:  
• We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identi fication of distinct performance obligations, the 
determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of variable consideration.  
• We evaluated management’s significant accounting policies related to these customer agreements for 
reason ableness.  
• We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures:  
- Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents 
that were part of the agreement.  
- Tested management’s identification and treatment of contract terms.  
- Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management’s application of 
their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination  of revenue recognition conclusions.  
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimate of stand -alone selling prices for products and services 
that are not sold separately.  
• We tested the mathematical accuracy of management’s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue 
recognized in the financial statements.  86   
Income Taxes — Uncertain Tax Positions — Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements   
Critical Aud it Matter Description  
The Company’s long -term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that 
remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to I RS 
audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. While the Company has settled a portion of the IRS audits, resolution of the 
remaining matters could have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.  
Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncerta in tax positions involve significant estimates and management 
judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and prior -
year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of the transfer pricing issues that remain 
unresolved with the IRS, evaluating management’s estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions 
required extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment, including involvement of ou r tax specialists.  
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit  
Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management’s estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved 
transfer pricing issues included the following:  
• We evaluated  the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used in the 
identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing the 
effectiveness of the related internal controls.  
• We read and evaluated management’s documentation, including relevant accounting policies and information 
obtained by management from outside tax specialists, that detailed the basis of the uncertain tax positions.  
• We tested the reasonableness of managem ent’s judgments regarding the future resolution of the uncertain tax 
positions, including an evaluation of the technical merits of the uncertain tax positions.  
• For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether  management had 
appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the recognition, measurement or disclosure 
of the uncertain tax positions.  
• We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates by considering how tax law, inc luding statutes, 
regulations and case law, impacted management’s judgments.  
/S/    DELOITTE  & TOUCHE  LLP  
Seattle, Washington  
July 28, 2022  
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1983.  
  87 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING  AND  
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
Not applicable.  
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial O fficer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange 
Act Rule 13a -15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial O fficer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial r eporting for the 
Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U nited 
States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail 
accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
for prepara tion of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of 
company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that 
unauthorized acquisition, use, or d isposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated 
financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control 
over financial reporting is not intended to prov ide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial 
statements would be prevented or detected.  
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 
framework in Internal  Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over 
financial reporting was effective as of June  30, 2022. There were no changes in our internal control over financial 
reporting during the quarter ended June  30, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially 
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte  & Touc he LLP has audited our internal control over financial 
reporting as of June  30, 2022; their report follows.  
  88 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation  
Opinion on Inte rnal Control over Financial Reporting  
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as 
of June 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control —Integrated Framework (2013 ) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, 
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteria establis hed 
in Internal Control —Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by COSO.  
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2022, of the Company and 
our report dated July 28, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.  
Basis for Opinion  
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of internal co ntrol over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of 
Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We ar e a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB 
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and 
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and t he PCAOB.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in a ll material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on  the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered 
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
A com pany’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions o f the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the c ompany are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,  
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods a re subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.  
  
/S/ DELOITTE  & TOUCHE  LLP   
    
Seattle, Washington    
July 28, 2022    89   
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
  
DIRECTORS  
  
Satya Nadella  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  
Microsoft Corporation   Sandra E. Peterson 2,3 
Operating Partner,  
Clayton, Dubilier  & Rice, LLC  John W. Stanton 1,4 
Founder and Chairman, Trilogy 
Partnerships  
      
Reid G. Hoffman 4 
General Partner, Greylock Partners  Penny S. Pritzker 4 
Founder and Chairman,  
PSP Partners, LLC  John W. Thompson 3,4 
Lead Independent Director,  
Microsoft Corporation  
      
Hugh F. Johnston 1 
Vice Chairman and Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer, 
PepsiCo, Inc.  Carlos A. Rodriguez 1 
Chief Executive Officer, ADP, Inc.  Emma N. Walmsley 2,4 
Chief Executive Officer, GSK, plc  
      
Teri L. List 1,3 
Former Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer, Gap, Inc.  Charles W. Scharf 2,3 
Chief Executive Officer and President, 
Wells Fargo  & Company  Padmasree Warrior 2 
Founder, President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Fable Group Inc.  
Board Committees  
1. Audit Committee  
2. Compensation Committee  
3. Governance and Nominating Committee  
4. Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee  
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  
  
Satya  Nadella  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Amy E. Hood  
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer  
    
Judson Althoff  
Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer  Bradford L. Smith  
Vice Chair and President  
    
Christopher C. Capossela  
Executive Vice President, Marketing and Consumer  
Business, and Chief Marketing Officer  Christopher D. Young  
Executive Vice President, Business Development, 
Strategy, and Ventures  
    
Kathleen T. Hogan  
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer     90   
INVESTOR RELATIONS  
  
  
Investor Relations  
You can contact Microsoft Investor Relations at any time to 
order financial documents such as annual reports and Form 
10-Ks free of charge.  
Call us toll -free at (800) 285 -7772 or outside the United 
States, call (425) 706 -4400. We can be contacted between 
the hours of 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time to answer 
investment oriented questions about Microsoft.  
For access to additional financial information, visit the 
Investor Relations website online at:  
www.microsoft.com/investor  
Our e -mail is msft@micro soft.com  
Our mailing address is:  
Investor Relations  
Microsoft Corporation  
One Microsoft Way  
Redmond, Washington 98052 -6399  
Attending the Annual Meeting  
The 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting will be held as a 
virtual -only meeting . Any shareholder can join the Annual 
Meeting, while shareholders of record as of October  12, 
2022, will be able to vote and submit questions during the 
meeting.  
Date: Tuesday, December  13, 2022  
Time: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time  
Virtual Shareholder Meeting:  
www.virtualshareholde rmeeting.com/MSFT22  
Submit Your Question  
We invite you to submit any questions via the proxy voting 
site at www.proxyvote.com . We will include as many of your 
questions as possible during the Q&A session of the meeting 
and will provide answers to questio ns on the Microsoft 
Investor Relations website under the Annual Meeting page.  
  Registered Shareholder Services  
Computershare, our transfer agent, can help you with a 
variety of shareholder related services including:  
• Change of address  
• Lost stock certificates  
• Transfer of stock to another person  
• Additional administrative services  
Computershare also admin isters a direct stock purchase plan 
and a dividend reinvestment program for the company.  
Contact Computershare directly to find out more about these 
services and programs at 800 -285-7772, option 1, or visit 
online at: https://www.computershare.com/Microso ft  
You can e -mail the transfer agent at:  
web.queries@computershare.com  
You can also send mail to the transfer agent at:  
Computershare  
P.O. Box 43006  
Providence RI 02940 -3078  
Shareholders can sign up for electronic alerts to access the 
annual report and proxy statement online. The service gets 
you the information you need faster and also gives you the 
power and convenience of online proxy voting. To sign up for 
this free servic e, visit the Annual Report site on the Investor 
Relations website at:  
http://www.microsoft.com/investor/AnnualReports/default.asp
x  
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)/Corporate 
Social Responsibility  
Many of our shareholders are increasingly focused on the 
importance of the effective engagement and action on 
environmental, social, and governance topics. To meet the 
expectation s of our stakeholders and to and maintain their 
trust, we are committed to conducting our business in ways 
that are principled, transparent, and accountable and we 
have made a broad range of environmental and social 
commitments. From our CEO and Senior Lea dership Team 
and throughout our organization, people at Microsoft are 
working to conduct our business in principled ways that make 
a significant positive impact on important global issues. 
Microsoft’s Board of Directors provides insight, feedback, and 
oversight across a broad range of environmental and social 
matters. In particular, among the responsibilities of the 
Board’s Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee 
is to review and provide guidance to the Board and 
management about the Company’s po licies and programs 
that relate to corporate social responsibility.  
For more about Microsoft’s CSR commitments and 
performance, please visit:  
www.microsoft.com/transparency.      
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 